{{Episode
    | title             = January 6-7, 2016
    | caption           = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-jan-6-7-2016 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber     = 100
    | length            = 03:22:51
    | airDate           = November 6, 2017
    | coverageStartDate = January 6, 2016
    | coverageEndDate   = January 7, 2016
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:2016 Investigation|2016 Investigation]]
    | appearance        = [[Oleg Deripaska]], [[Lord Peter Mendelssohn]], [[Barack Obama]], [[Louis Farrakhan]], [[David Icke]], [[Joel Skousen]], [[Joe Biggs]], [[Larry Nicols]], [[Matt Drudge]], [[Matt Bracken]], [[Max Keiser]]
    | beverage          = Elysian Fields Spacedust IPA
    | previousEpisode   = [[99: November 1, 2017]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[101: January 11, 2016]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan embark on a new investigation, trying to figure out exactly where Alex Jones became a cult member for Trump. The gents begin where their last investigation left off, and it appears that Alex has decided on a new attitude of 2016, namely abruptly pushing for the impeachment of Obama.

==Tidbits==

*Current day is boing, Dan got a Nintendo Switch.  new investigation into when Alex really became convinced that Trump was going to save America
*Sandra Bullock is a nazi
*Obama wants gun control
*Globalists are 15 years behind
*Alex claims the globalist plot is like Childhood's End by Arthur C. Clarke.  Way before Dan recognized what Alex Jones was referencing.   Dan does the deep dive on Childhood's End in episode 281.  Nazis flock to Alex
*Alex still loves Russia
*Putin saved Russia from the Rothschilds
*Rothschild libel case in Russia
*Lord Mandelson
*Oleg Deripaska
*Racist Yosemite Sam rant
*Telepromter tells Obama when to cry
*Alex Jones fake cries while declaring that Obama is fake crying in a speech
*Alex interviews Louis Farrakhan but has not aired it, now he likes Louis
*Guest: David Icke
*David accidentally describes Alex's game
*Long ethics argument about David Icke.  Sympathy for David Icke
*Impeachment Zeitgeist!
*Alex claims that Obama has committed 75 crimes as president but doesn't get to a single one during his time doing the show.  Noted that Rob Dew hosts the fourth hour occasionally.Alex is soft on Hitler
*Hitler was a patsy
*Guest: Joel Skousen
*Joel: Ranchers and farmers need a union
*Joel: Politicians don't know what the dark side is doing
*Alex Jones mentions digital dropbox in the Joel Skousen interview
*Alex wasn't enough against Obama
*Jordan was almost on married at first sight
*Nation of Islam is cool now because they flattered Alex
*Dan states that the key to compromising Alex Jones is through flattery
*Alex's True Story: Prominent Democrat taunts Alex
*The left cucks themselves with Islam
*Guest: Max Keiser
*Max: Should gun owners have gun insurance?  Dan and Jordan get sidetracked a number times with other peripheral discussions.

==Notable Bits==

*Sandra Bullock is a nazi
*Alex's True Story

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:2016 Investigation]]