{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0121:April 1-2, 2013
}}{{Episode
    | title             = April 1-2, 2013
    | caption           = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-april-1-2-2013 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/2RCtXrwpcn98rJDCcgdRxp Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/121: April 1-2, 2013|Unofficial Transcript]]
    | episodeNumber     = 121
    | length            = 01:01:33
    | airDate           = January 23, 2018
    | coverageStartDate = April 1, 2013
    | coverageEndDate   = April 2, 2013
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Time Travel|Time Travel]]
    | appearance        = [[Steve Pieczenik]], [[Susan Collins]], [[Alexander Haig]], [[Davey Crockett]], [[Andrew Jackson]]
    | previousEpisode   = [[120: January 27, 2016]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[122 LIVE: March 1-2, 2012]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan tells Jordan all about an episode of The Alex Jones Show where Alex Jones keeps retelling a story about running into an "authoritarian" in a hot tub while on vacation. The story cannot be true, but it's fun to watch Alex give it more and more layers of lies as time goes on. Also, Alex lies a bunch about the UN to scare his listeners and pulls off one of the harshest ad pivots in history.

==Tidbits==

*Alex's True Story: Globalists in a hot tub
*Alex can spot a globalist from a mile away
*Being around Alex makes people feel tough
*The globalist gave Alex nightmares about how sad he is
*Guest: [[Steve Pieczenik]]
*Steve: [[Susan Collins]], Hunger Games author, lives near Sandy Hook wrote the attack
*The UN is going to take over our military with law 7277
*Let's kill children up to 3 years old
*Alex wants to be part of the team... ad pivot
*The UN killed 1 million people in Rwanda
*How not to be a patsy
*Right wingers hate Muslims
*[[Globalists]] will kill cities with microwave blimps
*Discussion: Alexander Haig
*Caller: New segment, let's hear from the men
*Davey Crockett wanted to be like [[Andrew Jackson]]
*Men used to lug guns... unlike the globalist in the hot tub
*Alex takes freedom personally... ad pivot

==Notable Bits==

*Alex's True Story

==Detailed Show Notes==

'''What Was Fun About This Episode'''<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/the-past/2013/4/1/april-1-2013 April 1, 2013]</ref>

Throughout most of the show, Alex Jones tells a story about his recent vacation.

As the story goes, he went to a resort with his family, and while he was in the hot tub one day, he struck up a conversation with a couple fellow bathers who happened to be listeners of his show. As they're talking about the importance of liberty, another individual overhears them, and stands up to defend the "Globalists." This man is described as an authoritarian who may be a government scientist, in the field of viruses.

The story is outlandish, just based on the preliminary details, but it becomes even more suspicious, as Alex tells the story over and over and the details keep kind of shifting.

He would go on to tell the story again on the April 2nd episode of his show, and the details had changed even more. All in all, we do not believe this happened at all, but definitely enjoy Alex's flair for the dramatic, and his ability to create stories of himself being a victim.

'''Did Anything Important Happen On This Show?'''

Steve Piezchenik comes on the show and tells Alex about his belief that Sandy Hook was a false flag. All of the theories he proposes, such as "all of the family members are crisis actors," have been pretty roundly discredited and dismissed, but Steve believes them.

The reason he begins with in his thesis that Sandy Hook was fake is even more embarrassing though:

He believes that, because Susan Collins both wrote the Hunger Games and is from Sandy Hook, CT, that the two facts are related. He says that the shooting was "straight out of the Hunger Games," which it is really not. There is the thinnest thematic similarity in that school kids were victims, but beyond that, there's not much holding this theory together.

Everyone knows that the Hunger Games is very clearly ripped off of the 2000 Kinji Fukasaku film Battle Royale, with a little dusting of the adolescent literature genre staples on top.

Beyond that, not much important happened on this episode. Alex takes some uneventful calls and rambles a little bit about how he has terror visions of patriots being sent to FEMA camps, but that pretty much would describe every episode of the show.

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Time Travel]]
