{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0127:February 8, 2018
}}{{Episode
    | title           = February 8, 2018
    | caption         = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-feb-8-2018 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/3XNcCVm5Davmg93P5EUKcW Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/127: February 8, 2018|Unofficial Transcript]]
    | episodeNumber   = 127
    | length          = 02:51:41
    | airDate         = February 9, 2018
    | coverageDate    = February 8, 2018
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance      = [[Roger Ver]], [[Quentin Tarantino]], [[John P Holdren]], [[Elon Musk]]
    | beverage        = Burnt City Brewery Face Melter IPA
    | oocDrop         = We're not lying!
    | previousEpisode = [[126: February 2, 2018 (Special Report)]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[128: March 3, 2015]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan walks Jordan through the painful episode of The Alex Jones Show from Feb. 8, 2018. The pain mostly comes from Alex being in a very weird headspace, and lashing out aggressively at the trans community. There is pain, but there's also pleasure, in the form of Alex not knowing anything about Bitcoin and clearly having a conman as his guest to talk about it.

==Tidbits==

*Trump got the idea for the military parade from Drudge
*Trump is easily manipulated
*Commercial: Owen sells a Valentine's day his and hers super male vitality pack
*The left banned things like the n-word and MLK
*Antifa is the communists in the tanks at Tiananmen Square
*Symbology of the pentagram... ad pivot
*Discussion: Fortified supply and doing business as name
*Alex gets wishy-washy on military parade... ad pivot
*Guest: Roger Ver, Bitcoin expert, renounced citizen
*Caller: Roger sold explosives on the internet
*Alex gets lost, does Transformers impressions
*Alex admits he fakes it
*Alex started reading adult books at age 7
*Alex's True Story: Alex read so many books as a kid
*Alex's True Story: The true success of secret Hollywood patriots
*Did Quentin Tarantino kick Alex's pregnant wife down the stairs?
*Alex thinks he's Paul Revere
*Alex talks about Ecoscience by John P Holdren
*Neighbors!
*Why do they ban Nazis?
*VP of FaceBook called Alex (No he didn't)
*The new n-word
*Eugenicists call themselves transhumanists
*Trans rights? What's next, marrying a car?
*Elon Musk admits AI gods are on the way
*The trans movement is about language, not identity
*Tavistock Institute bullshit
*Jordan Peterson is a scientist
*I am a golden dragonette
*Extreme transphobia
*Courts say pedophilia is legal if you claim to be a child
*Purple Penguins
*Alex can't fuck people with no souls

==Notable Bits==

*Alex's True Story
*Neighbors!
*Purple penguins

==References==

*Ecoscience by John P Holdren

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
