{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0129:David Rothschild Interview
}}{{Episode
    | title           = David Rothschild Interview
    | caption         = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-david-rothschild-interview Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber   = 129
    | length          = 01:51:04
    | airDate         = February 14, 2018
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:InfoWars Interview|InfoWars Interview]]
    | appearance      = [[David Rothschild]]
    | beverage        = Arizona Arnold Palmer Zero Calorie
    | previousEpisode = [[128: March 3, 2015]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[130A: Endgame, Part 1]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan tells Jordan about the very weird time when Alex Jones somehow got David de Rothschild to call into his show. At the time, David was promoting the 7/7/07 Live Earth concerts and the book about climate change that he had written, but instead of really talking about any of that, Alex decides to be a huge dick and spout antisemitic conspiracy theories about his guest's family. It is a mess.

==Tidbits==

*7/7/07 concert reminder
*David Rothschild went on InfoWars to promote 7/7/07
*Alex is a dick out the gate
*Why do you want to save the world?
*If you actually read the report, you'll see you're wrong
*Alex references Nazi propaganda to Rothschild
*If climate change is real, what caused Pompeii?
*Alex goes HAAM on David to try to get him to hang up
*I'm not your slave, Rothschild!
*Debate me Rothschild!
*Why are you funding eugenics?
*Rothschild's book is the official manual of the global carbon tax
*Climate change isn't real because plants breathe carbon dioxide
*Burning fossil fuels leads to cooling
*Peak oil is a scam
*Rothschild schools Alex
*How can you predict the climate if the climate always changes?
*Save me Lord Rothschild?
*Alex, come to our family reunion
*Rothschild starts sniping at Alex
*Have you written a book for children?
*You're going to prison, Rothschild!
*Alex's InfoWars bio

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:InfoWars Interview]]
