{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0150:Alex Jones Attempts A Face Turn
}}{{Episode
    | title           = Alex Jones Attempts A Face Turn
    | caption         = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-alex-jones-attempts-a-face-turn Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/6lU09wEiXBgAsa6i7zu0kz Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/150: Alex Jones Attempts A Face Turn|Unofficial Transcript]]
    | episodeNumber   = 150
    | length          = 01:53:31
    | airDate         = April 14, 2018
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Special Edition|Special Edition]]
    | appearance      = [[George Mattis]], [[Bashar al-Assad]], [[Zack from Space Command]], [[Joel Skousen]], [[Owen Shroyer]]
    | beverage        = Blanc de Blanc Champagne
    | oocDrop         = Trump, you make me sick
    | previousEpisode = [[149: The Press Conference]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[151: April 16, 2018]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan tells Jordan about how [[Alex Jones]] publicly turned on [[Donald Trump]] after Trump ordered airstrikes against Syria. Is Alex being intellectually sincere? No. Is Alex drunk as hell? Yes. Does Alex kind of imply that he's had sex with a man at some point? Kinda. It's a messed up show.

==Tidbits==

*Alex tried to do Twitter live streams
*Alex is pissed at Trump bombing Syria
*Alex curses like a child, defends Russia
*Mattis looks like Palpatine
*Alex doesn't know he's live
*I'm not a Rusophile, but Russia is heroes
*Alex claims gas attacks were fake
*Assad wants to step down
*Trump betrayed his name and family
*Trump, I'm ashamed of you
*Alex is ok with Trump cheating on his wife
*So what if Trump sucked a ding-dong
*If Alex were gay, he'd be so gay
*...I'm a shmuck
*Alex blames gas on Israel
*Trump has been compromised
*Alex is turning on Trump
*People who read philosophy are dumb
*Alex cries because Trump is so bad
*Zack from Space Command helps justify Trump's actions
*Zack: Trump has a gun to his head
*Trump is probably mind controlled
*Alex rants over video of Trump announcing bombing
*Our government should be more like Russia
*Zack: This is a fight for Mars
*Zack doesn't know who the Joint Chiefs are
*Can't get Steve Pieczenik, so Alex gets Joel Skousen
*Joel: Trump is a dumb dumb
*Joel: the secret coup is bullshit
*Alex's True Story: Weaponized pnuemonia killed 3 members of Alex's family
*Announcement: Austin Live show
*Globalists are afraid of Alex because he won't roll over
*Owen: We made Trump
*Trump shoves ISIS up his dirty asshole
*F you Trump
*Owen: We're out of delay
*The left goes to Russia to rape and torture people and murder Christians
*Alex concedes defeat to the left and hiccups

==Notable Bits==

*Alex's True Story
*Trump shoves ISIS up his dirty asshole

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Special Edition]]
