{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0168:Alex Vs. Bill Ayers
}}{{Episode
    | title           = Alex Vs. Bill Ayers
    | caption         = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-bill-ayers Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/5Kqab3g1xtq108oJ1WzNtu Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/168: Alex Vs. Bill Ayers|Unofficial Transcript]]
    | episodeNumber   = 168
    | length          = 02:34:17
    | airDate         = June 8, 2018
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:InfoWars Interview|InfoWars Interview]]
    | appearance      = [[Bill Ayers]], [[Larry Grathwohl]]
    | oocDrop         = *boner noise*; We'll pee standing up, you can go to hell!
    | previousEpisode = [[167: February 4-5, 2009]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[169: November 30, 2014]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan tells Jordan about the inexplicable time that former member of the Weather Underground Bill Ayers decided to stop by the Alex Jones Show for an interview. The year was 2015, and the theme of the day was "Alex getting dunked on left and right." This is a very embarrassing moment in Alex's career.

==Tidbits==

*Alex interviewed Bill Ayers of Weather Underground
*Operation backyard brawl
*Alex plays Larry Grathwohl clip
*Communism fear mongering
*Gary Allen uses a fictional account of Columbus written by Washington Irving
*Alex can't handle Bill
*Alex goes hostile to save face
*Who funds you Bill?
*Bill wants to define terms
*Bill, have you read None Dare Call It Conspiracy?
*The CIA did not put Mao in power
*Alex gives up the game
*Bill, do you approve of Tim McVeigh?
*Alex keeps pivoting
*What do you think of Larry Grathwohl?
*Alex loses his shit
*Bill dances on Alex hard
*Bill goes on the attack
*Alex talks over Bill
*. Let's talk eugenics
*Have you read Tragedy and Hope?
*Bill wants to arm the homeless
*Bill deconstructs Communist Manifesto
*Caller: Who's Obama's dad?
*Bill doesn't like Hillary
*Caller: what do you think of public education?
*Alex fucks up the dismount

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:InfoWars Interview]]
