{{Episode
    | title           = August 10, 2018
    | caption         = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-august-10-2018 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber   = 192
    | length          = 01:56:30
    | airDate         = August 13, 2018
    | coverageDate    = August 10, 2018
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance      = [[Boris Johnson]], [[Katherine]], [[Ian Morton]], [[David Hogg]], [[Stephen Crowder]], [[Paul Joseph Watson]], [[Dinesh D'souza]]
    | previousEpisode = [[191: Blood Moons and Our First Call-In]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[193: Big Skeletons and Pencil Ink]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan tells Jordan about what Alex Jones is up to since he got kicked off of a lot of social media. Is he shook? Yes. Does he have stupid ideas about what's happening to him? Of course he does. He's also ranting about China and expressing his fear of seeing Muslim women in public, so it's clear that being off social media hasn't changed him that much.

==Tidbits==

*Katherine sends in Super Fight
*They're going to arrest Boris Johnson for anti-islamic speech (article says otherwise)
*Muslim women in Cheesecake factory freaks Alex out
*Alex calls burqas "beekeeper suits"
*Ian Morton: burqas are disprespectful to the deaf
*InfoWars is doing great! It's the #1 App!
*Podcast stats: 100 hits
*Podcast is free. It's free. It's free. Here's an ad pivot
*Alex is ramping up for final collision
*Alex rants over Du Hast, but the final synth part undercuts his  rant
*Alex talks about David Hogg
*Alex took down tweets about Hogg, claims he took the high road
*Stephen Crowder is the next target
*Alex calls for congressional hearings about deplatforming
*CNN sucks because they have to pay to be on TV
*Antifa is violent! (except so is the right)
*Alex talks about antifa and white nationalists fighting
*Alex compares his situation to the gay wedding cake situation
*Alex predicts a move against Trump in 3 months. How do you counter it? ad pivot!
*Alex doesn't have his own servers
*Alex orders Hogg to sue him
*Antifa is going to kill cops
*Globalists are going to cause a stock crash
*Globalists will kill you in your home
*Patriots are on the list to be killed
*Nuke congress
*WW IV
*30 seconds of plugging
*Dan: let PJW take over the show
*Dinesh D'souza is the #2 filmmaker of all time

==Notable Bits==

*Go To bed

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]