{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0206:March 4-5, 2009
}}{{Episode
    | title             = March 4-5, 2009
    | caption           = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-march-4-5-2009 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber     = 206
    | length            = 01:55:18
    | airDate           = September 17, 2018
    | coverageStartDate = March 4, 2009
    | coverageEndDate   = March 5, 2009
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Tea Party Investigation|Tea Party Investigation]]
    | appearance        = [[George Soros]], [[Lindsey Williams]], [[Paul Joseph Watson]], [[Paul Craig Roberts]], [[Not a Dr Rebecca Carly]]
    | previousEpisode   = [[205: September 13, 2018]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[207: Bus Station Photography and The Magic of Zoom]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan tells Jordan about a couple days back in 2009 and all the nonsense Alex Jones had to say back then. The gents discuss the sudden arrival of Alex talking about George Soros, and the suspicious circumstances surrounding that. Also, Alex lies a whole bunch about a bioweapon outbreak, and Dan explains exactly where he's getting his information from. Hint: it's not "the mainstream news."

==Tidbits==

*Soros admits to crashing the price of oil! Play the clip!
*Guest: Lindsey Williams
*Alex focuses on how Russia is affected by oil prices
*Alex teases something big, FEMA is nothing!
*Alex was upset at his stomach and was sweating
*Alex invokes predicting 9/11
*It's a bio attack
*Alex vamps hard
*Most of you will be dead!
*Alex's bio attack: Bird Flu
*Alex reports on a PJW article
*Discussion: Avian Flu Contamination Scare
*Alex reads points that seem to come from a Bloomberg article
*PJW article is based off of 911blogger article
*911blogger article finally goes back to Czech article, but interprets wrong and adds editorial flair
*Discussion: issues with this reporting
*Discussion: Bloomberg's poor reporting
*Ya Busted!
*Is Alex twisting the reporting to blame the vaccine company?
*Alex adds his own bullshit flair to the story
*Alex brings in FEMA and Endgame narratives
*Paul Craig Roberts takes over to talk shit about Obama
*Guest: Dr Rebecca Carly (not a doctor)
*Carly says they're trying to start a pandemic
*Carly is a crazy anti-vaxxer
*"You can't laugh at us anymore"

==Notable Bits==

*Ya Busted!

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Tea Party Investigation]]
