{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0309:June 10-11, 2019
}}{{Episode
    | title             = June 10-11, 2019
    | caption           = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-june-10-11-2019 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/5tOHq4S8jH3mt4Pa9e9CWG Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/309: June 10-11, 2019|Unofficial Transcript]]
    | episodeNumber     = 309
    | length            = 02:58:03
    | airDate           = June 14, 2019
    | coverageStartDate = June 10, 2019
    | coverageEndDate   = June 11, 2019
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[Robert Barnes]], [[Marc Randazza]], [[Paul Joseph Watson]], [[Mike Adams]], [[Rainbow Snatch]], [[Millie Weaver]], [[Owen Shroyer]], [[Roger Stone]], [[Kaitlin Bennett]]
    | oocDrop           = I love my daughters more than my son
    | previousEpisode   = [[308: February 6-8, 2013]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[310: June 13-14, 2019]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan return to the present day to check in on [[Alex Jones]] and see how things are going with him. In this installment, Alex spends a lot of time yelling nonsense about immigrants bringing Ebola to the US, then desperately tries to rekindle his friendship with [[Roger Stone]], and wraps things up by having a full-on religious breakdown on air.

==Tidbits==

*Barnes and Marc Randazza come on to talk about Pepe case
*Victory in settling
*Alex went to a dentist his dad owns a piece of
*Dentist office looked like Guatemala
*South American tailgating
*Pool supply story for South Americans
*Austin is 3rd world
*Alex doesn't like PJW's headline
*Barnes doesn't know how much they spent in Pepe case
*Discussion: Why Alex settled
*$1000 of settlement is donation to save the frogs
*Barnes: come at us, you'll lose money
*Randazza: I drop stacks
*This settlement is a bar tab at a strip club
*Discussion: Randazza is a piece of shit
*Alex: I will never back down. Barnes: Cha-ching!
*Alex says he's been to Russia
*Russians don't know how to wipe their own asses
*America does what everyone else does, but better
*Alex admires some things about Russia
*Trump is a beautiful opportunist
*Alex is evil, but god runs his life
*Alex is an opportunist
*Alex is having sex with Americana
*Alex wants to shove his fist down Globalist throats... politically
*Ebola patients from the Congo are coming across the border
*Discussion: Alex's Congo narrative
*Civilization is going to collapse. Then it's just men with guns
*Alex: use Google translate to talk to immigrants
*[[Mike Adams]] says this is a bioweapon invasion, an engineered outbreak
*When the media says it's real, it's fake. When it's fake, it's real
*The last Ebola outbreak was covered up, InfoWars reported on it
*1000's of Congo Ebola immigrants are just wandering around San Antonio
*[[Millie Weaver|Rainbow Snatch]] goes to Pride
*"Should we impeach [[Donald Trump|Trump]]? You'll get [[Mike Pence]]."
*People push Owen's camera away, Alex ties it to Congo narrative
*Alex does racist accent
*Alex's yells are echoing: studio quality is diminishing
*Alex is worried about demographic replacement
*Roger Stone returns
*Roger is breaking his silence on InfoWars
*Roger talks shit on John Dean
*2020 candidate rundown
*Roger makes a poop joke, Alex loves it
*Why haven't you called?
*Roger looks good. "It's because of InfoWars products. BTW, go to my website"
*Owen comes in to help guilt Roger
*Alex and Owen make gay jokes about Ebola
*Discussion: Ebola in semen
*Discussion: Drudge isn't #1
*Hillary and [[Michelle Obama]] are going to run together. The CIA told me, I just never mentioned it
*[[QAnon]] is a leftist psyop to break up Alex and Trump
*Trump has conservative Twitter ready to launch
*Why didn't you talk to me?
*Michelle Obama is a dark horse, not because she's black. Roger: I'm not touching that
*Roger: I'm leaving. Alex: DON'T GO!
*Is Alex drinking on air?
*The Congolese are poor, uneducated, diseased. Owen: They're actually rich
*Curse, apologize, curse
*It's an anchor baby scam
*Congolese are Muslims now
*Is Alex a light weight?
*Owen is brave
*Discussion: InfoWars foreign aid position
*Kaitlin Bennett talks about her time at Pride
*Alex wants to send Blackwater out with Millie and Kaitlin, send money
*Discussion: Kaitlin's performance review
*Texas oil people are rich, Alex is related to them, they have helicopter pads
*Discussion: Alex's satanists have helicopter pads
*Alex sings with the highwaymen
*Owen talks about InfoWars products. Alex: Listen to Waylon Jennings!
*Alex is envious of Kaitlin's fiance
*Drunk Alex talks about gender
*Alex can't finish a sentence
*I see dollar signs for Jesus
*Drunk introspective monologue
*Alex can't get quotes right
*If you don't stand against evil, god will reject you
*To give us free will, god had to release Lucifer on us
*having a child is a human sacrifice
*God's secret is Jesus
*Alex has seen the other side. It's amazing, but stressful
*You're not a god, you're a couch

==Notable Bits==

*Alex's True Story

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
