{{Episode
    | title           = July 1, 2019
    | caption         = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-july-1-2019 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber   = 316
    | length          = 01:49:34
    | airDate         = July 3, 2019
    | coverageDate    = July 1, 2019
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance      = [[Jack Posobiec]], [[Paul Joseph Watson]], [[Roy Larner]], [[Stewart Rhodes]]
    | previousEpisode = [[315: February 17-18, 2013]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[317: February 19-20, 2013]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan check in with Alex Jones in the present day to see what he's up to. It turns out, he's spending his time accusing Antifa of engaging in chemical warfare and talking to his Oathkeeper buddy about how excited they are about the idea of a civil war starting soon.

==Tidbits==

*Antifa is putting acid in milkshakes in Portland
*Discussion: Quickset concrete milkshakes
*Jack Posobiec pushes milkshake narrative
*Alex claims to have proof of milkshake burns
*Alex wants justification to shoot someone
*Antifa works for the Portland mayor
*Discussion: Portland police and fascists
*Discussion: Patriot prayer and police
*Antifa will perform chemical attacks over July 4
*Islam is Antifa's god
*Milkshakes are why the second ammendment exists
*Milkshakes are coming to your house
*Discussion: Proud Boys doxxing Vic Burger
*Acid won't beat bullets
*Acid Milkshakes is the new ad pivot
*PJW's idea to fight Antifa: ban masks
*PJW: Antifa is on Rally.org, get them kicked off
*If you believe they're using concrete milkshakes, why don't you kill them?
*Discussion: Are they waiting for someone to use a gun?
*New product: Clown world tshirts
*Discussion: Clown world history
*Alex's ads aren't separate from content
*Discussion: Deplora-ball "acid attack"
*Discussion: Roy Larner, the lion of London Bridge
*Guest: Stewart Rhodes
*Rhodes: Trump should federalize the national guard. Alex: Absolutely
*Rhodes: We've been in a cold civil war for years. Let's go hot
*Rhodes: Do this while Trump is in charge
*Discussion: Illegal voting in California
*Alex: I don't want this violence, it's the left
*New civil war will kill millions and become a race war
*Alex gets fucked up
*Rhodes: Civil war's gonna happen, so let's do it now
*Rhodes: When we kill them in the streets, they'll call us fascists
*Alex: Santa Claus has been making a list
*Rhodes: We're going to kill journalists
*Alex talks about Nigerian Prince Scam in 2019!
*Does Alex listen to KF?
*Bad Work Barnes!

==Notable Bits==

*Bad Work Barnes!

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]