{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0320:February 21-22, 2013
}}{{Episode
    | title             = February 21-22, 2013
    | caption           = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-february-21-22-2013 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/4AuUB0ZCIkEhngO1jCR8D8 Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/320: February 21-22, 2013|Unofficial Transcript]]
    | episodeNumber     = 320
    | length            = 01:12:13
    | airDate           = July 12, 2019
    | coverageStartDate = February 21, 2013
    | coverageEndDate   = February 23, 2013
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Sandy Hook Investigation|Sandy Hook Investigation]]
    | appearance        = [[Karl Rove]]
    | previousEpisode   = [[319: July 7-8, 2019]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[321: February 24-26, 2013]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan head back to the past to continue their investigation into Alex Jones' path after Sandy Hook. In this installment, the gents find Alex feeling a bit in a rut, which leads to a some uncharacteristic introspection and some very characteristic idiocy.

==Tidbits==

*Plant Watch update!
*We're not in a rut, but I'm going to shake the show up
*Alex self critiques
*Gotta hand it to the globalists
*If cancer had a consciousness it would think it's winning
*Caller: Chemtrails are real. I collect rainwater
*Alex dismisses chemtrail caller
*Globalists are going to replace workers with robots then kill us all
*Discussion: humans are only valuable for work
*Discussion: John Birch society
*Book: John Franklin letters
*Discussion: Mao and the CIA
*The [[Globalists]] are going to manufacture both sides of a civil war
*If you understood how my brain worked, we could defeat the Globalists easily
*How to defeat the Globalists: Anything they're for, I'm against
*Alex damns Obama and praises Trump for the same actions
*Maybe some people deserve to be slaves. Not Alex!
*Tea Party is the only hope! 1498 part deuce!
*Karl Rove is a socialist
*We say dumb stuff to hijack your news coverage
*Alex knows the whole game plan because he's not compartmentalized
*Alex has read a lot of books
*Alex's neck is shrinking
*Alex has wheat belly

==References==

*John Franklin letters

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Sandy Hook Investigation]]
