{{Episode
    | title           = September 5, 2019
    | caption         = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-sept-5-2019 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber   = 341
    | length          = 02:17:39
    | airDate         = September 9, 2019
    | coverageDate    = September 5, 2019
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance      = [[Robert Barnes]], [[Stefan Molyneux]], [[Kirk David Lyons]], [[Louis Beam]], [[Morris Dees]]
    | previousEpisode = [[340: All About Steve]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[342: September 6-11, 2019]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan check in on the present day of the Alex Jones Show to try to see how he was responding to recent headlines about his Sandy Hook lawsuit. In the process, the gents try to figure out why Alex's lawyer did an interview with Stefan Molyneux.

==Tidbits==

*Lawsuit news broke on 9/4, so listening to 9/5 to see fallout
*Guest: Robert Barnes
*We're going to file law suits in defense of free speech
*Alex wants to sue AP over an article they didn't write
*Alex has a new product that has helped him focus lately: Chill Force
*Chill Force chills you out, but increases your focus
*Discussion: How soon until Alex goes full Brave New World?
*If Trump goes for red flag laws, Alex will call for impeachment
*Did Alex lose Sandy Hook lawsuit? Nope!
*Alex plays spin on Sandy Hook lawsuit
*Discussion: Alex's sanctions
*Discussion: Acutal Sandy Hook news
*I wasn't seeking money from Sandy Hook parents, but now I am
*Alex keeps splitting hairs over case
*Alex wants to get into global politics with Barnes
*Commercial: Fake Thomas Jefferson quote
*New plug: Free America Law Center
*FALC is the answer to SPLC and ACLU
*Discussion: Work ACLU is doing
*Discussion: Kirk David Lyons
*Lyons defended Louis Beam
*Lyons was an active Klan member and Nazi
*Lyons set up Patriot Defense Foundation as answer to SPLC
*Lyons founded Southern Legal Rights Center to defend southern heritage
*Southerners are a distinct race
*Discussion: Barnes's history and similarities to Lyons
*Dan listened to Barnes on Stefan Molyneux's show to see what FALC is about
*Stefan is against the first amendment when it comes to reputation protection
*FALC is for all people, not just the left (see earlier in the episode)
*Barnes: Liberals virtue signal. FALC costs $17.76/month
*Subscribers get to vote on what cases get pursued
*Discussion: Boaty McBoatface
*Discussion: Naperville gas station worker
*Discussion: Role of client to Barnes
*Stefan is buying into Barnes
*Discussion: Racist Argument Shuffle
*Barnes gives credit to Morris Dees
*Discussion: Dees the Klan lawyer
*Barnes says the quite part loud
*Discussion: SPLC "hate watch"
*Barnes: Religious people. Stefan: You mean Christians
*Barnes talks about the Covington case
*NYT was planning hit pieces against Catholic schools
*Barnes lies about Twitter
*Discussion: Stefan claims Christianity is immune to state tyranny
*Barnes: Christianity is the last bastion against Communist thought control
*Racists are cool with Catholics now
*Barnes: let's talk about pedophilia
*Barnes: What if James Gunn was a Catholic priest?
*Bad Work Barnes!
*Free speech is about protecting the audience's right to listen
*Barnes thinks 1st amendment entitles you to an audience
*Barnes twists the child porn narrative
*Barnes spouts Alex's AP narrative
*Discussion: Did Alex say White Jew Boy?
*Barnes: Alex is pure indepented media
*Barnes: We are all Alex Jones
*Barnes is proud and priviledged to be on Stefan's show

==Notable Bits==

*Bad Work Barnes!

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
