{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0360:October 23, 2019
}}{{Episode
    | title           = October 23, 2019
    | caption         = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-october-23-2019 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/2v8T8SZXN2ohgahMKbvmG4 Spotify]
    | episodeNumber   = 360
    | length          = 02:12:20
    | airDate         = October 25, 2019
    | coverageDate    = October 23, 2019
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance      = [[Bill Taylor]], [[Adam Schiff]], [[Bruce Parscale]], [[Norm Pattis]], [[Cary Poarch]], [[Robert Barnes]]
    | oocDrop         = I own a chainsaw
    | previousEpisode = [[359: It's All Legs]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[361: April 19, 2013]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan check in on the present day of The Alex Jones Show. In this installment, Alex has both of his lawyers on as guest, and the two of them have an informal "who can be the worst" contest that is really pretty mind-blowing.

==Tidbits==

*Bill Taylor said there's no quid pro quo
*Discussion: Taylor's opening statement
*Discussion: now is the time to turn on Trump
*Adam Schiff wrote Taylor's statement
*Discussion: Schiff's transcript
*What's going on with the homeless?
*Alex doesn't like Bruce Parscale
*Discussion: Alex's palace intrigue
*Friday's guest is going to be ENORMOUS!
*I might get killed over Friday's guest
*Discussion: guesses about the guest
*They're microchipping the homeless in Austin
*Discussion: Why do the globalists keep working in Austin?
*Discussion: ID chips for the homeless
*Alex does a good, smooth ad pivot
*Weird iodine commercials
*Discussion: Alex's iodine metaphor sucks and is overtly christian identity
*Discussion: fluoride in China's water
*Tyranny 2.0: Proud Boys sentenced to jail!
*Discussion: Proud Boys are a gang
*They're trying to ban the word bitch
*Discussion: Massachusetts Right of Free Petition
*Men arrested for speech in Connecticut
*Discussion: N-word video
*Guest: Norm Pattis
*Norm wants to be the lawyer for the Connecticut kids
*Norm says the N-word. Twice
*The N-word video might be a false flag because the people don't look or act white
*Alex wants to set up a DC bureau
*Discussion: DC part 2
*Guest: Cary Poarch, CNN Project Veritas Whistleblower
*Oliver Darcy tried to work at InfoWars
*Discusison: Old Tweets
*Alex downplays his on air drunkenness
*Cary had to flee CNN
*Interview sucks
*Your light bulbs are spying on you
*Discussion: Project Veritas video
*Cary used to be a leftist
*Alex offers Cary a job
*You can't argue with a tape
*Youtube radicalized Cary, but he says Youtube can't radicalize people
*Discussion: Youtube pipeline
*Let's go to calls... Racist Chinese voice!
*Discussion: ABC Kurd/Kentucky video
*Discussion: fuck Alex
*Guest: Robert Barnes
*Barnes: Russia is useful in the war against Islam
*Challenge: Who's worse, Norm or Barnes?

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
