{{Episode|title=Formulaic Objections Part 2|episodeNumber=378|airDate=Dec 16, 2019|episodeType=Formulaic Objections|appearance=[[Rob Dew]], [[Paul Joseph Watson]], [[Dan Bidondi]], [[Hamdi Ulukaya]], [[Jim Fetzer]], [[Wolfgang Halbig]], [[Leonard Pozner]], [[Robert Barnes]]|previousEpisode=[[377: December 6-10, 2019]]|nextEpisode=[[379: December 13-16, 2019]]}}{{Stub}}

Today Dan and Jordan discuss a trio of depositions that were recently released in [[Texas Sandy Hook Lawsuit (Heslin v. Jones)|the InfoWars/Sandy Hook lawsuit]] and marvel at the uniquely brazen vibes of each.

== Tidbits ==

=== PJW ===

* [[Rob Dew]], [[Paul Joseph Watson|PJW]], and [[Alex Jones|Alex]] give depositions
* PJW tries to protect his brand and protect Alex
* PJW has never been employed by IW
* PJW knew parents in SH were being harassed
* PJW is against SH coverage because of reputation
* What kind of crazy is Alex?
* [[Robert Barnes|Barnes]] is PJW's lawyer, but not InfoWars'
* Paul has no background on free speech
* Alex isn't a journalist
* What is an opinion? 
* What isn't a false flag? 

=== Rob Dew ===

* Rob Dew interviewed as official rep of [[Free Speech Systems LLC]], not prepared
* Rob can't prepare because Youtube removed the videos
* Let's talk [[Dan Bidondi]]
* Rob is proud of what they've done

=== Alex's deposition part 2 ===

* Alex contradicts PJW
* Alex can't tell fact from opinion
* InfoWars doesn't discipline anyone
* Alex talks about [[Chobani v. Jones|Chobani]]
* Alex doesn't know [[Jim Fetzer|Fetzer]]'s background
* Alex doesn't know who's suing him
* Alex doesn't understand the wayback machine
* Alex doesn't want to admit his reliance on Fetzer and [[Wolfgang Halbig|Halbig]]
* Alex gets upset over an impression of him
* Alex shoots himself in the foot
* Alex gets owned over [[Leonard Pozner|Pozner]]'s address
* When was Bidondi fired?
* Everything is Halbig
* InfoWars isn't journalism, it's feelings
* Alex wants to talk about [[Jeffrey Epstein|Epstein]]. So does the lawyer
* What's the definition of a private citizen?
* Sources are links
* Alex is proud of his work
* What else has Barnes done at InfoWars
* Alex dismounts on a meme; Good Work Barnes!

==Outro==
'''Dan''': ''"We'll be back. But until then, I'm Neo. I'm [[leo Zagami|Leo]]. I'm [[Desiax Clark]]. I am the juiciest ice cube."''

== Resources ==
* [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1KbRK7edWVg Paul Joseph Watson Deposition]
* [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TinJ7OyPRUI Rob Dew Deposition]
* [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCnPDSHZR6c Alex Jones Deposition]
[[Category:Legal Proceedings]]
[[Category:Formulaic Objections]]