{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0383:December 31, 2019
}}{{Episode
    | title           = December 31, 2019
    | caption         = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-december-31-2019 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/7cyFP50Q2p8rSrwNq2GMIq Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/383: December 31, 2019|Unofficial Transcript]]
    | episodeNumber   = 383
    | length          = 01:41:09
    | airDate         = January 1, 2020
    | coverageDate    = December 31, 2019
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance      = [[Rob Dew]], [[George Soros]], [[John Kerry]], [[Owen Shroyer]], [[Tom Pappert]]
    | previousEpisode = [[382: December 23-27, 2019]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[384: January 3, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan join [[Alex Jones]] on his last broadcast of the decade. Or maybe the Illuminati Jacobins just want you to think it's the last of the decade. The year closes out with Alex attempting to pull off a very disciplined show, which goes about as well as one might expect.

==Tidbits==

*Rob Dew cost Alex $100K
*Alex is getting news coverage becasuse of the tank
*People are awake, but need to be turned to InfoWars
*Time to be disciplined
*When does the decade start? Men can't have babies!
*Fake uterus test tube babies
*Breaking news: Baghdad Embassy protest
*Soros and [[John Kerry]] are working to start another Iran hostage crisis
*Owen Shroyer is amazing!
*Alex is pro-metaphysical abortion
*Alex goes to calls early
*Jeff in Canada gets offered a job
*Let's take over the Trump rallies
*Jeff from Canada is the tip of the spear
*Alex Jones karaoke: Blood and Soil
*Caller: Liberal in NY: Trump signed the Patriot act
*Alex is eating on air
*Liberal makes good points, Alex offers him a job
*The devil is an old man
*What do we do after Trump?
*Template for a fake call
*Will Alex ever get to the news? Most musicians are Christians
*Caller: Why wont you turn on Trump?
*Illuminati Jacobins are waging a war on the calendar
*I don't hate atheists
*Trump is trying to stop a war in the middle east
*Big news: the left is trying to trigger a civil war
*Alex is on the War Room to hit the news
*Alex calls Tom Pappert to cover UN job posting
*Lightning round of calls
*Show ends with no closing

==Notable Bits==

*Alex Jones Karaoke

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
