{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0389:January 15-17, 2020
}}{{Episode
    | title             = January 15-17, 2020
    | caption           = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-january-15-17-2020 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/0OvbTQeszt48UGpd4Ek386 Spotify]
    | episodeNumber     = 389
    | length            = 03:00:11
    | airDate           = January 20, 2020
    | coverageStartDate = January 15, 2020
    | coverageEndDate   = January 17, 2020
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[Philip Van Cleave]], [[Stewart Rhodes]], [[Norman Spear]], [[Tom Pappert]], [[Bernie Sanders]], [[Mike Adams]], [[James O'Keefe]], [[Kaitlin Bennett]], [[Rudy Giulianni]], [[Tim Cook]], [[Ralph Northam]], [[Michelle Wolf]], [[Brian Stelter]], [[Dave Mustane]]
    | oocDrop           = Put I am awake on my tombstone
    | previousEpisode   = [[388: January 12-13, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[390: Grab Bag Minisode]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan take a look at how Alex Jones carried out his business at the end of last week. In this installment, Alex does everything in his power to stress that if there's trouble at the rally in Richmond, it will be a false flag. Also, Alex tries to interview a baby, which is not a joke.

==Tidbits==

*How did Richmond get where it is? Virginia House and Senate elections
*New gun bills
*Lobby day and Virginia Citizen's Defense League
*VCDL president Philip Van Cleave
*Richmond state of emergency
*Stewart Rhodes and Oathkeepers going to rally
*The Base nazi arrests
*Base founder: Norman Spear
*Big news: all mass shooters are incels
*Texas FBI report
*National File is an InfoWars laundering house
*Is Alex moving from PJW to Tom Pappert?
*Alex should hate the Texas fusion center
*Virginia will use UN troops to sieze guns
*Bernie Sanders to start summer of rage and burn down Milwaukee
*Mide Adams falls for internet hoax
*Project Veritas Bernie staffer video
*Fuck James O'Keefe
*Kaitlin Bennett report: Can leftists find Iran on a map?
*Richmond will definitley be a false flag
*Comply with state level gun bans to make the state red again
*The revolutionary war started in Virginia
*Don't start a civil war, start an InfoWar
*Ultimate fish oil is back
*Caller: VA cop says it's going to happen no matter what
*Caller: Willard: Obama is running the program in VA. Also, I'm a cop and I'll take your guns
*Giuliani is the next AG
*Caller: I want to start shit
*Caller: Hoax active shooter
*Gun people in VA don't want Alex
*Marines can kill their superior officers
*Bring your kids to the false flag
*Alex lies about El Paso shooter
*You get to decide when it kicks off and who the Globalists are
*The want Trump to denounce InfoWars
*Fools! Everyone will come to me!
*Clinton ordered Delta Force to stage false flags
*America will decide the destiny of the world
*Alex hints around The Base arrests
*Got hates Tim Cook
*Hell is just a dimension god didn't create
*Weird religious rants
*Globalists are obsessed with history repeating
*Northam is a weak peckerwood
*Michelle Wolf doesn't write her own jokes
*Vaccines cut kids off from god... ad plug
*God speaks through Skynard
*Brian Stelter is still ugly
*God is tinkerbell
*God's elect like InfoWars
*Dental assistant loves Trump
*Alex tries to interview a baby
*Knowing the web is the web
*Alex wants to harass/ dox a private citizen
*Alex accidentally admits to Sandy Hook accusations
*Dave Mustane sing-a-long
*Alex likes black people... ad plug

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
