{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0392:January 24, 2020
}}{{Episode
    | title           = January 24, 2020
    | caption         = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-january-24-2020 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/0ccrcztlQI3qXciwW8dNeR Spotify]
    | episodeNumber   = 392
    | length          = 02:07:57
    | airDate         = January 27, 2020
    | coverageDate    = January 24, 2020
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance      = [[Mike Adams]], [[Bill Gates]], [[Melinda Gates]], [[Michael Snyder]], [[Maurice Hilleman]], [[Owen Shroyer]], [[Jonas Salk]], [[Albert Sabin]], [[Leonard Horowitz]], [[Qasem Soleimani]], [[John Rappaport]], [[Norm Pattis]]
    | oocDrop         = It's over for humanity
    | previousEpisode = [[391: January 22, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[393: January 28, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan check in to track Alex Jones' ongoing coverage of the news of the day. In this installment, The Health Ranger declares that humanity as a whole is finished, and Alex gets some therapy from an old friend who likes to hide in bushes.

==Tidbits==

*Alex couldn't be on air for 20 minutes because of abortion
*Coronavirus is an engineered globalist plague
*Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation drill
*Michael Snyder: B&MGF scare source
*The Economic Collapse (blog)
*Snyder is a former InfoWars guest, current Jim Bakker guest
*Snyder pushes Chick Tracts
*First a plague, then world government
*Wasn't Endgame great?
*Amazon is censoring Endgame
*Alex inspired Avengers: Endgame
*Co-inventor of polio vaccine: Maurice Hilleman
*Mike Adams: Health Expert
*SV-40 in polio vaccine
*Chickens come from eggs, cancer comes from viruses
*Owen Shroyer arrested for advertising InfoWars in Senate
*Hilleman discovered SV-40
*Jonas Salk vs Albert Sabin
*Leonard Horowitz: too boring for Knowledge Fight
*528 Hz
*Guest: Mike Adams
*Mike is sad because people are pushing back
*Mike is full of shit
*Globalists are willing to kill thier own
*Alex may be worries about a story coming out
*Canaries and Spock: dead already
*Mike takes over
*First wave: Coronavirus. Second wave: virus in the vaccine
*It's over for humanity as a whole
*Survivors listen to InfoWars
*Do the opposite of the WHO
*WHO outbreak classifications
*Zika was fake
*Buy survival food
*Bleach stopped ebola
*Push back to propaganda is censorship
*This is training for marital law
*Alex is back
*We don't make stuff up
*Elites will wait it out in armored redoubts, but the military will kill the globalists once it starts
*Redoubts are stocked with drones and combat robots
*When do things kick off?
*Mike: Houston chemical plant explosion may be payback for Qasem Soleimani by Iran
*Guest: John Rappaport!
*Rappaport still lives!
*Picture status: unknown
*Rappaport may have hypnotized Alex
*Skype issues
*Globalists teach you bad is good and good is bad
*Norm Pattis gives an Owen update
*Vaccines are Satanism
*Rappaport has been anti-vax since the 50's
*Asian flu ain't shit
*Let's get metaphysical
*Why do actors be actors?
*You gotta join a cult
*The devil gives you what you already have
*Rappaport is Alex's therapy

==Notable Bits==

*It's over for humanity
*Rappaport still lives!

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
