{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0393:January 28, 2020
}}{{Episode
    | title           = January 28, 2020
    | caption         = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-january-28-2020 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber   = 393
    | length          = 01:19:49
    | airDate         = January 29, 2020
    | coverageDate    = January 28, 2020
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance      = [[Mike Adams]], [[Steve Pieczenik]], [[John Bolton]]
    | previousEpisode = [[392: January 24, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[394: January 31, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan continue their coverage of Alex Jones' horribly irresponsible coverage of the news. In this installment, Alex tries to turn a quarantined city into a sales pitch for his food buckets, and Steve Pieczenik stops by to make a bombshell announcement about the Coronavirus.

==Tidbits==

*Chicken vaccine patent is now laundered to fact
*Buy emergency food!
*Food prices are skyrocketing!
*Survival food prices are going up
*UN says coronavirus will be a global pandemic
*Alex defines words
*Alex sets up the narrative pivot
*1000's have already died from coronavirus
*Coronavirus has broken containment on West Coast
*There's no silver bullet, buy my supplements
*Guest: Mike Adams
*Mike: Transgender? more like trans-viral!
*Coronavirus released to undermine Trump
*Seattle is going to be the next outbreak site because of Chinese students
*Why isn't Trump doing anything?
*Globalists didn't intend to start in China
*Pandemic sales!
*Guest: Steve Pieczenik
*Steve knows Bolton
*Steve is ok with coronavirus
*Steve thinks he talks to the elites through InfoWars
*Vitamin D3 is antiviral
*Juicy fish oil
*Steve is coronavirus patient zero
*Why is there no surgeon general?
*Steve: eh, don't panic
*Steve saved the US from ebola by ordering generals around
*Steve: deploy the military to the border and catalog Asian students
*Helicopters aren't dangerous

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]