{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0401:Formulaic Objections Part 3
}}{{Episode
    | title           = Formulaic Objections Part 3
    | caption         = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-formulaic-objections-part-3 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber   = 401
    | length          = 01:33:34
    | airDate         = February 21, 2020
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Formulaic Objections|Formulaic Objections]]
    | appearance      = [[Roger Stone]], [[Jerome Corsi]], [[Larry Klayman]], [[George Zimmerman]], [[Laura Loomer]], [[Al Sharpton]], [[Cassandra Fairbanks]], [[Julian Asange]]
    | previousEpisode = [[400: One Out Of Five Seems High]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[402: February 20, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today Dan and Jordan reflect on the sentencing of [[Roger Stone]] in a very somber way, by discussing some recent video that was released of his very angry and very petty deposition in a defamation suit.

==Tidbits==

You can watch the full deposition [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJmJqhCyuJU&ab_channel=ShutTheMuckUp here].

*[[Roger Stone]]/[[Jerome Corsi]] feud
*Corsi suing Roger
*Corsi hired [[Larry Klayman]]
*Larry is also representing George Zimmerman
*Larry also sued Roger
*Larry represents [[Laura Loomer]]
*Larry deposed Roger
*Larry represented Roger in the past over swinging scandal
*Roger advised Larry on a Senate run in Florida
*Larry's plot to try Hillary in the Senate
*Battle of pettiness
*Why did you work with me if I'm a loser?
*You can't defame Al Sharpton
*Larry's judicial watch lawsuit
*Did you call me a piece of garbage?
*What's my IQ?
*[[Cassandra Fairbanks]] told Corsi she slept with [[Julian Assange]] in embassy
*How do you know Corsi is an alcoholic?
*Do you know the nameless lawyer?
*Corsi's GoFundMe Daily Caller article
*Why did you get fired from InfoWars?
*At least I did something for my client
*How can you call me insane?
*Did you just call me a bitch?
*Why didn't Trump pardon the [[Bundy Family|Bundys]]?
*My cats aren't bombs
*Competent lawyer asks questions

==Outro==
'''Dan''': ''"We'll be back. But until then, I'm Neo. I'm [[leo Zagami|Leo]]. I'm [[Desaix Clark]]. I keep my money in gold bars."''

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Legal Proceedings]]
[[Category:Formulaic Objections]]
