{{Episode
    | title             = March 5-10, 2020
    | caption           = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-march-5-10-2020 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber     = 407
    | length            = 02:50:08
    | airDate           = March 11, 2020
    | coverageStartDate = March 5, 2020
    | coverageEndDate   = March 10, 2020
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[Francis Boyle]], [[Mike Adams]], [[Anthony Hall]], [[Rick Wiles]]
    | oocDrop           = I meant to start this show with a homeless man eating poop
    | previousEpisode   = [[406: March 1-4, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[408: March 11-13, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan set out to cover the period of the Alex Jones Show in the immediate aftermath of him shaving his head to see if it changed his vibe. In this installment, Alex's convoluted coronavirus narratives continue, Alex tells a tale of a night in jail, and has his mind blown by Rush.

==Tidbits==

*Alex doesn't want to talk about shaving his head
*Crowds tell you what restaurants are good
*Alex knows what the Lancet study says
*Biden is going to bring in Hillary
*Alex doesn't have an armed redoubt
*How do you pronounce Erdogan?
*I look like a beluga whale
*Coronavirus is scary! Let's go to calls!
*Coronavirus targets old people to take their money
*Alex will kill Obama if his family gets coronavirus
*Inspriational speech over intro music
*Caller: I listen to you at Costco
*Trump is involved in the coronavirus coverup
*Alex shaved his head because he's in war mode
*Caller: Coronavirus mosquitoes!
*Guest: Francis Boyle
*Francis: Virus is airborne
*Francis: experts are all Nazi scientists
*Back to retalliation for fentanyl
*All hell is breaking loose! 15% death rate from Mike Adams computer model
*Emergency funding bill is declaration of emergency
*Guest: Mike Adams
*Mike: Deep State set Trump up, he's not in on the coverup
*Trump and the CDC budget
*Mike: You're using my models wrong
*Mike: Summer of Hell
*China infected the US on purpose and used Islamisists to spread it
*Pakistani migrants spread coronavirus in Italy, according to Free West Media (Paul Craig Roberts is a contributor)
*Caller: I plan my life around what you say
*Caller: When is it time to bug out?
*Caller: Why aren't your employees protected
*Alex knows math
*Gang beats up teen and steals her shoes
*NIH needs to be hanged
*I don't know what's happening with the virus
*Guest: Anthony Hall, Holocaust denier, claims Jews did 9/11, gets his news from True News and Rick Wiles
*Alex needs a snack
*Alex called a bioattack
*The Oracle of Austin
*Any critique of Trump is evil
*Selling more silver
*Jesus said buy weapons
*Killing is cool at night
*Coronavirus is a bigger threat than Hitler
*Kill coronavirus with silver toothpaste
*Alex teases and downplays his DUI
*Alex is addicted to anger and endorphins
*Alex talks aliens
*Alex is taking time off
*Tucker Carlson for president
*Food bucket prices are going up next week
*Alex's True Story: Sobriety tests and jailhouse snitches
*Alex was drinking in the hot tub
*Alex's new campaign: DWI truth!
*Alex shows his test on air
*Bars shouldn't be allowed to sell alcohol
*Alex loves the free press he'll get
*Callers aren't allowed to talk about the DUI
*ChiComms are on notice
*Fill Yer Hand!
*Let's play Tom Sawyer again!
*Alex's products are good because he sells them
*Alex cries on air

==Notable Bits==

*Alex's True Story
*Fill Yer Hand

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
