{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0408:March 11-13, 2020
}}{{Episode
    | title             = March 11-13, 2020
    | caption           = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-march-11-13-2020 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/6QJVivigmTtOPuTfTOXbzP Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/408: March 11-13, 2020|Unofficial Transcript]]
    | episodeNumber     = 408
    | length            = 03:24:27
    | airDate           = March 16, 2020
    | coverageStartDate = March 11, 2020
    | coverageEndDate   = March 13, 2020
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[Tom Hanks]], [[Mike Adams]], [[Joel Skousen]], [[Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez]], [[Steve Pieczenik]], [[Anthony Fauci]], [[Milo Yianopolis]], [[Roger Stone]], [[Francis Boyle]]
    | previousEpisode   = [[407: March 5-10, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[409: The Lionel Countdown]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan discuss the very tumultuous days at the end of last week on The Alex Jones Show. In this installment, Alex gets very defensive about news articles about how he has been selling his silver, comes out as a Tom Hanks truther, and almost accidentally says that he enjoys killing people.

==Tidbits==

*Alex doubles down on silver
*Alex spent an hour cogitating on coronavirus
*Coronavirus bullshit
*FDA strawmen
*New product: VasoBeets, with nitrous oxide!
*CIA is attacking Alex with DWI coverage
*Obama is controlling Operation Mockingbird
*Alex will never drink again
*Surprise sale!
*Alex leaves in the middle of show
*Alex goes to rebroadcast to regroup
*Tom Hanks is a globalist
*Coronavirus will kill most everyone... buy supplements
*How does Alex know everything?
*FBI uses psychics
*We need to spread the bioweapon narrative
*Coronavirus is a mutating chimera
*It came out of Wuhan!
*Let me sell my silver!
*Guest: [[Mike Adams]]
*Mike: You're right, Alex!
*Mike: Send the military to sacramento
*Mike: Can mosquitoes spread coronavirus?
*Mike: China is going to invade via California
*Alex makes DWI jokes
*Alex refines virus-chimera narrative
*Covid is in pigs now!
*Bilderberg is back!
*Guest: [[Joel Skousen]]
*Joel: buy supplements!
*Joel: covid is airborn!
*Alex is in and out of studio
*Tom Hanks wants to take your guns!
*AOC says eat Chinese food
*Guest: [[Steve Pieczenik]]
*Steve: Chinese army should have staged a coup
*Dr Fauci trained Steve at Cornell
*Steve gets racist
*Steve: Trump is cool with the mob
*Steve: Space Army!
*Steve: America's religion is entrepreneurism
*Guest: Milo Yianopolis
*Milo: Covid 19 may not be real
*Global collapse supercut
*Milo: New Jersey outlaws fake news
*Alex and Milo get gross on a hot mic
*Milo wrote a book about [[Roger Stone]]
*Milo: Roger has a "history" with the judge
*FEMA declared a secret national emergency
*Indian paper was retracted because of threats
*Trump has to go along with the pack
*coronavirus is airborne HIV, and we all have it
*Alex cancels guests to take calls
*We're all dead already, get right with god
*Alex had a PI follow his wife
*Coronavirus is a mass assassination plot against [[Donald Trump|Trump]]
*Alex addresses New York AG cease and desist
*AG sent a secret second letter
*Who's car alarm is that?
*You're on the air, fucko
*Alex can't stop selling silver
*Guest: Francis Boyle
*CDC is mad that Boyle is on
*Caller
*Why don't they interview family of the deceased?
*Alex is ready to die
*Alex ASMR
*Mike: Social Distancing is the only way
*Use coronavirust to close the border
*China has a coronavirus immune army
*Prepare for the end of InfoWars

==Notable Bits==

*Alex ASMR

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
