{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0412:March 24-25, 2020
}}{{Episode
    | title             = March 24-25, 2020
    | caption           = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-march-24-25-2020 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber     = 412
    | length            = 02:11:59
    | airDate           = March 27, 2020
    | coverageStartDate = March 24, 2020
    | coverageEndDate   = March 25, 2020
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[Anthony Fauci]], [[Laurie Garrett]], [[Josh Hawley]], [[Sean Hannity]], [[John Rappaport]], [[Steve Pieczenik]], [[E. Michael Jones]], [[Charles Leiber]]
    | previousEpisode   = [[411: Jordan Takes The Wheel 3]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[413: March 27, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan check in to see what Alex Jones is up to in the middle of this chaotic week. In this installment, the gents find Alex following in lockstep with the mainstream right-wing media, arguing that the coronavirus is no big deal, and people should go back to work. Also, Alex does the world's worst Bane impression.

==Tidbits==

*Alex promises to be focused
*Covid 19 hoax is floundering
*Alex is in line with rightwing talking points
*Alex isn't affected by the shutdown, unless he is
*Alex's True Story: Alex's Democrat Lawyer
*Buy zinc!
*Trump knows covid 19 is a psyop
*Alex didn't warn about covid 19, he warned about he panic
*Panic supercut
*Die for capitalism
*InfoWars is exempt from the stay at home order
*Alex's staff don't trust him
*Alex kinda knows the Constitution
*Get chipped with vaccine tattoos
*All hail the stock market
*Remember: Alex is a fucking monster
*Caller: CDC doesn't have info
*Fauci is about to be fired
*This entire clip is a lie
*Laurie Garrett of the CFR says you're going to die
*Covid 19 is the flu
*Everyone is going to get it, and it'll come back
*Caller: coronavirus has been around forever
*Caller applies for a job
*Josh Hawley sucks
*Caller: Let's go protest right now
*Caller: why are they releasing prisoners?
*Hannity helps Alex sell
*Caller: Rappaport says there are no viruses
*Guest: Steve Pieczenik
*Steve: America can't shut down
*Steve: if you had pneumonia, covid 19 can't kill you
*Steve: fire everyone!
*Caller: Nurse says they're curing people with tonic water
*Caller: I cured covid 19 with colloidal silver
*Fentanyl the Chinsese dragon cuts a covid 19 promo
*Alex does a Bane impression
*Second amendment abolished 13 years ago
*Guest: E Michael Jones
*Dem governors are holding city's hostage to get rid of Trump
*Chinese are everywhere! They shipped it over!
*People have quarantine envy
*Josh Hawley wants to sue China
*Alex wants a world government
*That's the narrative of truth
*E Michael Jones talks about Charles Leiber
*E Michael Jones is behind on the narrative
*E Micheal Jones: maybe NY was retalliation by Chinese
*Damn you PornHub!
*E Michael Jones: Covid 19 is an act of god

==Notable Bits==

*Alex's True Story

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
