{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0041:May 12, 2017
}}{{Episode
    | title           = May 12, 2017
    | caption         = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-may-12-2017 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber   = 41
    | length          = 03:40:23
    | airDate         = May 16, 2017
    | coverageDate    = May 12, 2017
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance      = [[Steve Pieczenik]], [[Keith Olberman]], [[Sarah Huckabee Sanders]], [[Sean Spicer]]
    | oocDrop         = It isn't that Trump doesn't know how to use technology, he just doesn't trust it.
    | previousEpisode = [[40: May 10, 2017]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[Spiritual Correction]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan tells Jordan about what happened on The Alex Jones Show on May 12th. Topics covered include:

*The history of the Chinese nuclear program
*How does Alex Jones feel about Muslim women being in pool supply shops?
*What does Alex think about Keith Olbermann?
*Really, this is mostly about how much Alex hates Keith Olbermann

==Tidbits==

*Alex gets freaked out by Muslim girls in a pool supply store
*Is there a coup, or a counter coup
*Keith Olberman is Mr. Baby.  Alex Jones gets really angry and takes a long time getting through a Keith Olberman clip.  Dan plays a clip of Steve Pieczenik saying that he worked with Julian Assange and the intelligence community in conducted a counter coup that got Trump elected and installing Mike Flynn when Flynn's behavior has been seriously questionable.

==Notable Bits==

*Alex freaked out in a pool supply store

==Detailed Show Notes==

[https://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/contrib.php?cid=N00000019&cycle=Career List of Hillary Clinton's 2016 Donors]<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2017/5/15/citations-for-may-12-2017 Citations for May 12, 2017]</ref>

[https://www.opensecrets.org/pres16/contributors?id=n00023864 List of Donald Trump's 2016 Donors]

[http://www.snopes.com/refugee-invaders-meme/ Breakdown of refugee demographics]

[https://web.archive.org/web/20130425162315/http://americansecurityproject.org/ASP%20Reports/Ref%200072%20-%20North%20Korea%E2%80%99s%20Nuclear%20Program%20.pdf Timeline of North Korean nuclear program]

[http://www.nti.org/media/pdfs/china_nuclear_3.pdf?_=1364257156 Timeline of China's nuclear program]

[https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/01/us/politics/top-ethics-officer-challenges-trump-over-secret-waivers-for-ex-lobbyists.html Article about concerns regarding Trump's issuing secret waivers for lobbyists]

[http://www.marketwatch.com/story/how-the-trump-stock-market-ranks-as-he-approaches-his-100th-day-in-office-2017-04-12 Comparison of how the economy was doing after the first 100 days of each president]

The world on May 12, 2017<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/the-past/2017/5/12/may-12-2017 May 12, 2017]</ref>:

*FBI Director James Comey had recently been fired by President Trump. The president's story about the circumstances of his firing were communicated inconsistently by the president and his surrogates. Many believed it was an attempt to impede the investigation of Trump's ties to Russia. Others balked at the idea and thought the firing was a result of Comey's incompetence.
*Grand juries had been convened, possibly about some Trump associates (Roger Stone, Paul Manafort, Carter Page, Jeff Sessions, etc), and the FBI executed at least one search warrant on a GOP fundraising organization, the Strategic Campaign Group. Though on the surface, it may appear to have nothing to do with Trump's 2016 campaign, Strategic Campaign Group has close connections with Roger Stone, Paul Manafort, and most ominously, with right-wing billionaire hedge fund manager/campaign purse, Robert Mercer.

What Alex Jones decided to cover:

*A very large portion of the show is taken up ranting about a video that Keith Olbermann released through GQ. Olbermann's video was a plea to foreign intelligence agencies to release whatever information they may have on Donald Trump. His main argument is that there are clear indications of an authoritarian regime taking shape, and once an authoritarian regime reaches a certain point, our normal institutions cannot protect us from them. So, though leaking classified information is wrong, it is a smaller wrong than allowing our democracy to erode. Alex Jones takes 35 minutes of his show to scream threats at Olbermann and accuse him of "textbook sedition."
*Alex admits that seeing Muslim women in public makes him uncomfortable.
*Alex on multiple occasions judges new White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders entirely based on her appearance, having no idea how he is embodying sexism.
*Alex misrepresents this history of both the [https://web.archive.org/web/20130425162315/http://americansecurityproject.org/ASP%20Reports/Ref%200072%20-%20North%20Korea%E2%80%99s%20Nuclear%20Program%20.pdf North Korean] and [http://www.atomicarchive.com/History/coldwar/page12.shtml Chinese] nuclear programs

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
