{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0420:The Militia Tech Support Call-In Show
}}{{Episode
    | title           = The Militia Tech Support Call-In Show
    | caption         = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-the-militia-tech-support-call-in-show Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/1P9bj4Ev3Cds9KDXUnvbwk Spotify]
    | episodeNumber   = 420
    | length          = 01:12:39
    | airDate         = April 15, 2020
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Wacky Wednesday|Wacky Wednesday]]
    | appearance      = [[Bill Cooper]], [[Bill Clinton]], [[Hillary Clinton]]
    | previousEpisode = [[419: Disease Denial and Vampire Affirmation]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[421: April 16, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan continue the deplatforming of Alex Jones from their podcast, as they take a look at an episode of Bill Cooper's radio show where he has open phone lines. The gents explore how differently Alex and Bill treat their callers, and how feeling disappointed in your audience is a universal trait among conspiracy theorists.

==Tidbits==

*Bill Cooper call in show
*Bill is excited for some movies, in particular Vertical Limit
*Caller: your feed is fuzzy
*On air tech support
*Caller: Clinton could stay in office if he wanted
*Bill: you're an idiot
*Bill takes a shot at Alex
*Caller: your feed is fuzzy still
*Caller: What is a 33rd degree freemason?
*Waiting for calls
*Why can't you read your constitution?
*Caller: Let's talk photography
*Bill records in his dark room
*Caller: The Mormon church bought Pepsi
*Caller: I can't read anymore, how can I help people?
*Ever hear of satire?
*Bill's hero: Tiananmen Square tank guy
*Hillary Clinton is going to get rid of the electoral college
*Caller: Schiff is a  Rothschild
*Bill shuts down fundie bullshit

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan cover an episode of Bill Cooper's show, The Hour of the Time, where Bill opens up the phone lines and takes any questions his callers might bring up.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/4/15/episode-420-militia-tech-support-call-in-show Episode 420: Militia Tech Support Call-In Show]</ref>

The episode explores some of the similarities and differences between Alex Jones and Bill Cooper, as manifested in the way the two men interact with their callers. Of note is the way in which Bill is willing to disagree with his callers about unfounded things they believe, and how his focus seems to be on challenging his listeners, as opposed to the way that Alex enables his listener's paranoia and conspiracies in order to keep them in the fold.

You can find the complete episode of The Hour of the Time, from November 29, 2000, [http://hourofthetime.com/bcmp3B/1848A.mp3 here].

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Wacky Wednesday]]
