{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0423:April 20, 2020
}}{{Episode
    | title           = April 20, 2020
    | caption         = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/423-april-20-2020 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber   = 423
    | length          = 01:18:50
    | airDate         = April 22, 2020
    | coverageDate    = April 20, 2020
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance      = [[Joy Behar]], [[David Icke]]
    | beverage        = Aha Black Cherry Coffee
    | oocDrop         = Black Market Hair cut
    | previousEpisode = [[422: April 17, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[424: April 21-22, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan discuss Alex Jones' very not-chill 420 show. In this installment, Alex essentially declares that his enemies are unbeatable and that the end of his show may be near. Also, Alex tells a story of yelling at people at the grocery store, and David Icke convinces Alex that Covid-19 doesn't exist.

==Tidbits==

*2020: Year of the Seltzer
*Vaccines eat the religion out of your brain
*Covid 19 is a vaccine ID currency scam
*Patent 2020060606: Patent of the beast
*33pi is a secret illuminati number
*Joy Behar says Alex is a terrorist
*Globalist survival game: Spaceship
*Endtimes are here
*Alex quotes Iron Maiden
*Buy my mask, plug my site
*Alex's True Story: Grocery store tantrum
*Hospital orgies
*Opium addict surgeries
*Rambling about the subconscious
*Billions will die eventually
*Cowardly flesh sides with Satan
*Alex is giving up
*We're fighting bully space demons looking for god's egg
*It's over, globalists are going to cut your head off and take your kids, buy food buckets
*Our destruction is going to be spectacular
*Alex tried to make a social media site
*Alex goes to special reports because he has the feels
*Globalists are trying to take Alex's kids
*Guest: David Icke
*David: There is no covid 19
*David says the globalists hate you, so buy food
*InfoWars is finished, buy my shit

==Notable Bits==

*Alex's True Story

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan discuss Alex's very not-chill 420 episode.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/4/21/episode-423-april-20-2020 Episode 423: April 20, 2020]</ref>

Topics covered include:

*Alex believes that the Mark of the Beast has been announced in the part of a patent that he thinks is number 060606. [http://appft.uspto.gov/netacgi/nph-Parser?OS=dustin%20AND%20abramson&RS=dustin%20AND%20abramson&Sect1=PTO2&Sect2=HITOFF&co1=AND&d=PG01&f=G&l=50&p=1&r=1&s1=dustin&s2=abramson&u=%2Fnetahtml%2FPTO%2Fsearch-bool.html The actual patent number is 0097951], the [https://patentscope.wipo.int/search/en/detail.jsf?docId=WO2020060606 060606 number is the publication number] from the patent being filed with the World Intellectual Property Office.
*Alex continues his outrageously depressing on-air behavior, all but declaring that his enemies cannot be defeated, and that he will soon be gone.
*Alex barges off air after discussing a failed attempt at creating a social media website.
*Alex tells a story of yelling at people at a grocery store because they judged him for not wearing a mask. Meanwhile, Alex is selling Infowars branded masks.
*David Icke stops by to tell Alex about how Covid-19 doesn't exist, and the pandemic is actually based on a fake, non-existent virus. Alex is pretty convinced by this argument, despite the fact that it completely invalidates pretty much everything else he's pretended he's proven about the virus so far.

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
