{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0424:April 21-22, 2020
}}{{Episode
    | title             = April 21-22, 2020
    | caption           = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/424-april-21-22-2020 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/5TVXTS0DYoDhX6NCGNP8cb Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/424: April 21-22, 2020|Unofficial Transcript]]
    | episodeNumber     = 424
    | length            = 01:54:57
    | airDate           = April 24, 2020
    | coverageStartDate = April 21, 2020
    | coverageEndDate   = April 22, 2020
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[Joy Behar]], [[David Icke]], [[Anthony Fauci]], [[Ron Paul]], [[John Roberts]], [[Bill Joy]], [[Bill Barr]], [[Andrew Torba]]
    | beverage          = Aha Orange Grapefuit; Bday Spruce beer; La Croix Limoncello; Aha Black Cherry Coffee
    | oocDrop           = They're coming for your balls
    | previousEpisode   = [[423: April 20, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[425: April 23-24, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan take a look at a couple of wildly different days on the Alex Jones Show. In this installment, Alex finally admits that he hates his own show, and pushes a weird conspiracy about doctors having secret orgies. Also, a long-lost character, presumed dead, makes a triumphant return.

==Tidbits==

*Year of Seltzer Update
*Aha Orange Grapefruit 72/100
*La Croix Limoncello 80/100
*Aha Black Cherry Coffee 83/100
*Year of Seltzer goal: 500 different seltzers
*Kelly is filing to disqualify Alex's lawyer
*Happy Birthday, Dan!
*Joy Behar still hates freedom
*Thomas Jefferson quote, actually William Barhnill, interpreted by Georgio Saris Hattin
*David Icke revisionism
*Chinese video revisionism
*Fiber cords at banned.video have been cut
*Media claims Alex syas he as teh cure
*Alex has gotten the final warning
*Defcon 5 ad pivot
*Antifa tried to take over Owen's rally
*If you don't protest, you're the enemy
*Fauci is behind covid 19
*Globalists will release more strains if Trump reopens
*Old Man House phone still lives!
*Alex hates his show
*America needs to burn
*Your tshirt idea sucks
*Alex apologizes
*Alex doesn't do this for money, but he needs your support... ad pivot
*Trendies don't care about world wide starvation and neither does Ron Paul
*Drunk hospital orgies
*Big news is confirmed
*Alex's True Story: Rex was driving aroudn without a mask
*Masks suck, buy my masks
*John Roberts covid 19 death rate video
*Pope says we deserve covid 19
*At least Hillary isn't president
*Globalists taught eugenics at UT in the 60's
*Bill Joy/ Unibomber reference
*Alex is pro-unibomber
*Rothschild-Waterloo story
*Hospitals are killing people on purpose: NY Post article
*Medicare pays more for covid 19
*NWO is here
*Thomas Jefferson quote
*AG Barr is a good guy
*Feb 14 flashback: Alex and Steve hate Barr
*Guest: Andrew Torba of Gab
*Torba: Zoom sucks, Gab is making thier own Zoom

==Notable Bits==

*Thomas Jefferson Quote
*Alex's True Story

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan discuss the Tuesday and Wednesday episodes of The Alex Jones Show, and witness a man exhibiting wildly fluctuating emotions, from lashing out about how much he hates his own show and the world needed to burn on Tuesday to business-as-usual on Wednesday.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/4/23/episode-424-april-21-22-2020 Episode 424: April 21-22, 2020]</ref>

Topics covered on this episode include:

*Alex claims that "When government fears it's people, there's peace; when people fear their government, there's tyranny" is a Thomas Jefferson quote. [https://www.monticello.org/site/research-and-collections/when-government-fears-people-there-liberty-spurious-quotation#footnote2_jn0rhoz It is not]. The quote actually comes from a [http://debs.indstate.edu/b262b3_1914.pdf 1914 debate against socialism] (pg. 36), and wasn't attributed to Jefferson until 1994, in a book written by a guy who [http://www.phoenixsourcedistributors.com/html/faq.html thinks he's a part of the intergalactic council].
*Alex misrepresents comments made by Anthony Fauci, to try to pretend that he had admitted back in 2017 that there was a plan to hit Trump with a pandemic. The [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNXGAxGJgQI full context of his comments] reveal that Fauci was discussing how every president faces emerging diseases and public health events, and Trump's time in office would be no different.
*Alex pretends that the UN warning that 30 million people around the world could be at risk of starvation is directly connected to whether or not the US economy is reopened. [https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/food-agency-chief-world-brink-hunger-pandemic-70269400 It is actually a far more complicated picture] that involves the coronavirus, but also completely unrelated issues around the world, like war and locusts. Alex tries to use [https://www.theglobeandmail.com/world/article-world-food-programme-warns-at-least-30-million-people-could-die-of/ a Globe and Mail article] to defend his arguments, but it isn't helpful.
*Alex misses the point of the recent negative oil prices. Articles in the [https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2020/04/negative-oil-prices-covid19 WE Forum] and [https://www.ft.com/content/88997d67-bf69-409e-8155-911fc1f2fd6f FT] do a good job of exploring the relevant points.
*Conversation about doctors rationing care was rooted in [https://www.politico.eu/article/coronavirus-italy-doctors-tough-calls-survival/ the experiences that doctors] were [https://www.reuters.com/article/us-health-coronavirus-italy-ethics-speci/special-report-all-is-well-in-italy-triage-and-lies-for-virus-patients-idUSKBN2133KG living through in Italy], and [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-03-25/spanish-doctors-forced-to-choose-who-to-let-die-from-coronavirus in Spain].
*[https://www.factcheck.org/2020/04/hospital-payments-and-the-covid-19-death-count/ FactCheck explains the reality] behind the issue of hospitals and Covid-19 payments
*There is one [https://nypost.com/2020/04/21/ny-issues-do-not-resuscitate-guideline-for-cardiac-patients/ NY Post article about the NY DNR order], and [https://nypost.com/2020/04/22/new-york-scraps-do-not-resuscitate-order-during-coronavirus-pandemic/ another about that same order being scrapped].
*Alex should not support William Barr, under any circumstances. He has [https://www.propublica.org/article/attorney-general-barr-refuses-to-release-9-11-documents-to-families-of-the-victims blocked 9/11 victims' families from accessing information] they'd been promised, and [https://www.judiciary.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/William%20Barr%20Senate%20Questionnaire%20(PUBLIC).pdf he was George HW Bush's Attorney General during the Ruby Ridge stand-off].

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
