{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0425:April 23-24, 2020
}}{{Episode
    | title             = April 23-24, 2020
    | caption           = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/425-april-23-24-2020 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/2aVYReHe8I8zLDfodNYXuD Spotify]
    | episodeNumber     = 425
    | length            = 02:41:44
    | airDate           = April 27, 2020
    | coverageStartDate = April 23, 2020
    | coverageEndDate   = April 24, 2020
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[Bill Gates]], [[Brian Rose]], [[Andrew Cuomo]], [[Dr Shiva Ideray]], [[Dr Rasheed Batar]], [[Melinda Gates]]
    | beverage          = Bubblr Passion Fruit Wonder
    | oocDrop           = The New World Order sucks
    | previousEpisode   = [[424: April 21-22, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[426: April 27-28, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan discuss the end of the past week on the Alex Jones Show. In this installment, Alex discusses his plan to record the final episode of his show, which is to be released after he's taken off air. That ends up being just as dumb and dramatic as it sounds.

==Tidbits==

*Year of Seltzer Update
*Alex has the key to saving humanity
*Definition of lockdown
*All virus panic is due to Chinese misinformation
*Alex's True Story: Everyone hates Bill Gates
*Starvation isn't sexy
*All deaths are covid 19
*Alex is off his game
*Globalists have Alex in a bear trap, he's going to have to cut his leg off
*Why try? For the kids!
*What if there was a plague during the Civil War?
*China has paid off all right wing media
*God won't let Alex report
*Trump is forcing NYT to tell the truth
*I won't sell out to the devil... ad pivot
*World starvation is an attack on Alex
*Guest: Brian Rose
*NYT says Alex was right
*Governor Cuomo comments
*Globalists are going to put Alex in prison
*Listeners are sending Alex info on Bill Gates
*Alex isn't afraid of Bill Gates
*Globalists Plan: Moonraker
*Some extermination is ok
*Robot trash truck body disposal
*Get a note to not wear a mask
*If Alex dies, it's Bill Gates... buy food buckets
*Start right wing compounds
*Guest: Dr Shiva Ideray, inventor of email
*Sharks eat 30 people per year
*Dr Shiva doesn't like Alex's next guest
*Alex dumps Dr Shiva before the next guest
*Guest: Dr Rasheed Batar, osteopath, treats cancer and autism with IV bleach
*cancel all the guests
*Alex cares about world hunger
*Alex is going to record the final episode
*Alex gets retrospective
*Oral tradition will win in the long run
*Alex has a message for people of color: inbreeding is bad
*Alex is a winner, like Obiwan and Colonel Travis
*Demons try to eat Lady Gag at night
*people are designed to go along
*The bad witch doctor knows math
*Alex defends Trump saying to inject sunlight
*Alex's True Story: Divorce psychological profile
*DSM 4 Narsicistic Personality checklist
*Alex is not pluggin his water filters
*Alex knows he's going to mess up big news
*Alex's True Story: It took 40 minutes to get to work
*Alex wants a big intro for his news
*Bill and Melinda Gates Institute for population control
*Big news: China sent tainted tests
*Alex blasphemes
*God and Satan make deals

==Notable Bits==

*Alex's True Story

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan discuss the episode of the Alex Jones Show where Alex discusses his plan to record his final episode in the next week, to be released in the event of his death, or possibly to be released immediately. He's unclear on the specifics, and he doesn't follow through anyway.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/5/3/episode-425-april-23-24-2020 Episode 425: April 23-24, 2020]</ref>

Topics covered include:

*Alex lies about an article in the New York Times that he definitely didn't read. It is about allegations that Chinese agents pushed misinformation, which Alex is pretending is about the entire coronavirus fear being the result of Chinese misinformation. This is a complete misrepresentation of [https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/22/us/politics/coronavirus-china-disinformation.html the actual article].
*Alex claims that Covid-19 related deaths are being massively exaggerated, when [https://www.factcheck.org/2020/04/social-media-posts-make-baseless-claim-on-covid-19-death-toll/ all credible sources] are suggesting the numbers are likely lower than the reality.
*Alex doesn't understand that the Civil War happened [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/8513069 before we understood how infectious diseases work], and that there were a bunch of outbreaks during that war that actually prolonged the conflict quite a bit. Also, Alex says that the Civil War was fought "to give black people rights," which is a direct contradiction of everything else he's ever said about the Civil War.
*Alex claims that there were Covid cases in the US in November 2019, when he's really just misrepresenting [https://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2020/04/24/cuomo_the_coronavirus_that_came_to_new_york_did_not_come_from_china_it_came_from_europe.html the words of Gov. Andrew Cuomo].
*Alex thinks that Ian Fleming wrote Moonraker to expose the Globalists' plans to hide out from a chemical weapon release on a space base. Alex doesn't realize that space was only a part of the movie version of Moonraker, which Fleming didn't write. The book version is very different, and Alex has no idea what he's talking about.
*Alex's first guest, Shiva Ayydurai, hates Alex's second guest, Rashid Buttar. Because Alex won't cancel Buttar, Ayydurai storms off the show, and Alex ends up canceling the interview with Buttar for no reason. It is a real mess.
*In an attempt to point out how few shark-related deaths there are each year, Alex chooses a random number, and accidentally severely embellishes the problem. He claims there's 30 a year, when in reality, [https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2020/01/21/shark-attacks-were-down-again-2019-only-2-deaths-worldwide/4502604002/ the average is 4].
*Alex has decided to champion world hunger because it's convenient for him to now, though he hasn't cared much about the issue in the past. He also doesn't seem to realize that his hero [https://www.cbpp.org/research/food-assistance/presidents-2021-budget-would-cut-food-assistance-for-millions-and-radically Trump has been making budget cuts to programs that feed starving people in the US], so you can imagine how little Trump cares about hungry people abroad. Alex also doesn't wrestle with the fact that the people he's demonized his entire career, the UN, includes people on the forefront of working to solve this problem for as many people as they can. Alex is the villain in his own story.
*Alex lies about [https://www.businessinsider.com/personal-assistant-who-says-lady-gaga-made-her-sleep-in-her-bed-will-get-her-day-in-court-2013-9 Lady Gaga having to sleep with a personal assistant] because she's afraid of demons.
*Alex's story about ancient people being tricked by people who know about eclipses has [https://books.google.com/books/about/The_Savage_in_Literature.html?id=E2jADAAAQBAJ a deep tradition in 1800's English literature] meant to reinforce white supremacy over the foolish "savages."
*Alex lies about [https://arstechnica.com/science/2020/04/cdcs-failed-coronavirus-tests-were-tainted-with-coronavirus-feds-confirm/ a story about coronavirus tests being tainted]. There were some contaminated tests, but they weren't sent to us by China, as Alex asserts. Further, there's no evidence that these tests ended up infecting anyone.

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
