{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0426:April 27-28, 2020
}}{{Episode
    | title             = April 27-28, 2020
    | caption           = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/426-april-27-28-2020 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/3vH83TXrWnIli1ONkZyubC Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/426: April 27-28, 2020|Unofficial Transcript]]
    | episodeNumber     = 426
    | length            = 01:55:08
    | airDate           = April 29, 2020
    | coverageStartDate = April 27, 2020
    | coverageEndDate   = April 28, 2020
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | beverage          = Bai Watermelon Lime; Bai coconut lime
    | previousEpisode   = [[425: April 23-24, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[427: April 29-30, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan keep an eye on the increasingly bizarre present day of the Alex Jones Show. In this installment, Alex speculates that Trump is the smartest person on Earth, and discusses his evolving position on cannibalism.

==Tidbits==

*New raptor princess drop
*[[The Year of the Seltzer|Year of Seltzer]] Update
*Bai Watermelon Lime 68/100
*Bai Coconut Lime 16/100
*Message to the New World Order
*Thomas Jefferson quote
*Cedar Sinai is doing light therapy!
*Alex is going to lay it out... jk, rebroadcast
*Snopes is wrong!
*Alex had to read 4 whole pages
*The military put Trump in office
*Trump listens to smart people
*Alex goes to rebroadcast again
*Alex is going to jail
*Alex goes to rebroadcast a third time
*Buy food, go to a redoubt
*Trump loves fan mail and it pisses off the globalists
*Knowledge Fight Bible Study
*The book of Jose
*We've lost this round, we can win in the future
*Trump is a full spectrum savant, smartest person in the world
*Globalist Plan: Contagion
*Here's a juicy
*Trump is too smart to help save the world
*The end is nigh
*You're with Chicomms or the Anglo-American establishment
*Alex sounds sedated
*We're the good guys... ad pivot
*God told Alex to make money
*If it's going down, burn the 5G towers
*Alex will bring a knife to a gun fight
*Alex has nothing left to lose
*Alex Jones Karaoke: You belong to the city
*Alex tells the truth because he's scared
*Alex would fight Jason Voorhees
*Alex isn't taking the blame if America collapses
*Alex is pro-cannibal
*Alex will eat your ass
*Savages supported civilization
*Alex counts his abortions
*PJW is doing his own thing
*Covid 19 will starve the world
*Caller: is it time to kill?
*Alex talks about his daughter
*Alex encourages caller to act
*Caller: my sister is demon possessed
*Alex is horny for scared women

==Notable Bits==

*New Raptor Princess drop
*Thomas Jefferson quote
*Knowledge Fight Bible Study
*Here's a juicy
*Alex Jones Karaoke
*Alex will eat your ass

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan discuss a couple of really weird days on The Alex Jones Show. This will always be remembered as the day when Alex decided to yell a bunch about how he was ready to eat his neighbors, and then broke down crying about his kids.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/5/3/episode-426-april-27-28-2020 Episode 426: April 27-28, 2020]</ref>

Topics covered include:

*Alex lies about [https://nurse.org/articles/uv-light-therapy-coronavirus-covid19/ UV light related therapies] that are being studied at Cedars-Sinai. He also lies about their [https://www.youtube.com/user/CEDARSSINAI YouTube] and [https://twitter.com/CedarsSinai?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor Twitter] pages being taken down, when both are still up.
*Alex misrepresents [https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/factcheck/2020/04/24/fact-check-medicare-hospitals-paid-more-covid-19-patients-coronavirus/3000638001/ a USA Today fact-check] about the claims that hospitals are making more money for Covid-19 patients.
*Alex, noted Biblical scholar, believes that the Book of Hosea is the "Book of Jose."
*Alex forgets what "Anglo-American Establishment" means in his world, and accidentally says that we need to side with them, when that term actually means the same thing as "the Globalists."
*Alex says that 90% of people lived in rural areas in the Great Depression, but [http://www.loc.gov/teachers/classroommaterials/presentationsandactivities/presentations/timeline/progress/cities/ this number is not accurate].
*Alex's strategy to eat people for nutrition is not a great plan. Humans are not a good source of calories, according to [https://time.com/4728703/cannibalism-calories/ research published in Nature]. Also, a lot of people who engage in cannibalism [https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/9240220/cannibalism-sex-parents-reasons-study/ have weirdly familiar personality traits to Alex].

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
