{{Episode
    | title             = April 29-30, 2020
    | caption           = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/427-april-29-30-2020 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber     = 427
    | length            = 02:13:16
    | airDate           = May 1, 2020
    | coverageStartDate = April 29, 2020
    | coverageEndDate   = April 30, 2020
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[Del Bigtree]], [[David Rockefeller]], [[Nikita Khrushchev]], [[Bill Gates]], [[Otto Von Bismarck]], [[Mark Passio]]
    | beverage          = Sparkling Ice Black Raspberry; Sparkling Ice Blue Raspberry; Perrier Strawberry; Perrier Orange
    | previousEpisode   = [[426: April 27-28, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[428: May 1, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan find out what happens in the days after Alex Jones threatened to eat his neighbors.  In this installment, Dan gets very bored with Alex's nonsense and Alex exposes how exclusionary his concept of "humanity" exactly is.

==Tidbits==

*Year of Seltzer Update: 25/500
*Low Point: Sparkling Ice Black Raspberry 32/100, Sparkling Ice Blue Raspberry 33/100
*High Point: Perrier Strawberry 74/100, Perrier Orange 33/100
*Don't try to save the dregs of society
*it's no longer about waking people up
*Crime is up in blue cities
*America is too satanic, make military compounds... buy food
*If I contradict myself, it's because I've been mind controlled
*Alex wants to rearrange deck chairs on the Titanic
*Alex deserves punishment because he paid for abortions
*Guest: Del Bigtree
*Del: reporters can't tell the truth
*Alex may be worried about everything being put into a trush
*Covid-19 vaccine fear mongering
*Alex doesn't know much about None Dare Call It Conspiracy
*David Rockefeller fired Nikita Khrushchev
*There's one thing Alex needs to do
*Alex's True Story: How you handling things, Alex?
*Alex explains how he prepares
*Alex is ok with Trump rushing the vaccine
*Alex doesn't wish harm to Bill Gates
*Alex's True Story: Joggers with masks
*Wearing a mask is virtue signalling
*First born men and queens are given genetic memory to protect humanity
*Don't thank Alex, go to war
*Bible study: The Prodigal Son
*Alex's job is to radicalize with truth so Trump can do his job
*InfoWars Karaoke: Ghost Riders in the Sky
*Do the Cesarian
*Otto Von Bismarck quote
*Alex represent America
*Alex gives a history lesson on the NWO
*It's all about the Gutenberg Press
*Bill Gates, kill yourself
*Fuck pink shirts
*The problems of the world aren't Alex's fault
*Maybe Trump was right to call Covid-19 a hoax
*Kill Yourself to save the world
*Alex knew videos from China were fake
*Covid-19 is a manmade chimera cold virus
*Alex covers for a special report
*Guest: Mark Passio, occult expert
*Definition of right
*Mark: evil people manipulate karmic debt

==Notable Bits==

*Alex's True Story
*Bible Study
*Alex Jones Karaoke

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan discuss the disappointingly normal days after Alex declared his plan to eat his neighbors.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/5/3/episode-427-april-29-30-2020 Episode 427: April 29-30, 2020]</ref>

Topics covered include:

*Alex lies about how crime is totally on the rise in "blue cities" after the coronavirus outbreak. Most crime is [https://wgntv.com/news/wgn-investigates/how-the-stay-at-home-order-has-impacted-chicagos-crime-statistics/ down in Chicago], as well as [https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/factcheck/2020/04/20/fact-check-gun-sales-rise-crime-falls-amid-pandemic/5162481002/ in New York and LA].
*Alex talks anti-vax nonsense with Del Bigtree, who claims to be an independent journalist, but is almost entirely bankrolled by the Selz Foundation.
*Alex interviews a former Satanic priest who thinks he has a mindblowing definition of "rights," but he is just expressing very basic libertarianism.
*Alex reveals that his concept of "race memory" is something that is only passed down to a person's first born son. On rare occasions, it's passed down to a daughter, and she will go on to become a queen. It's a wild glimpse into a very unhealthy and chauvinistic mind.
*Alex discusses his conception of world history. Apparently a sinister conspiracy began in Greece 2,300 years ago, then nothing notable happened until the days of the Bubonic Plague, and the Gutenberg Press. Alex doesn't seem to realize that [https://www.history.com/topics/inventions/printing-press China had movable print technology developed long before that], because he doesn't think non-European history is real.

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]