{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0429:May 3-4, 2020
}}{{Episode
    | title             = May 3-4, 2020
    | caption           = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/429-may-3-4-2020 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/2miYfBM2H7bQ34B4HU6wo5 Spotify]
    | episodeNumber     = 429
    | length            = 01:34:00
    | airDate           = May 6, 2020
    | coverageStartDate = May 3, 2020
    | coverageEndDate   = May 4, 2020
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[Robert Barnes]], [[Bill Gates]], [[Melinda Gates]], [[Francis Boyle]], [[Anthony Fauci]], [[Douglas McKinnon]], [[David Icke]]
    | beverage          = Bubbl'r Cherry Guava Blender; Bubbl'r Pataya Berry Nectar; Bubbl'r Pomegranate Acai; Bubbl'r Passion Fruit Wonder
    | previousEpisode   = [[428: May 1, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[430: May 5-7, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan discuss the last few days of The Alex Jones Show. In this installment, Alex forces Dan to critically engage with the idea that his cannibalism rant was satire, and decides that a dumb op-ed is a revelation of the Globalists' plan for the 2020 election.

==Tidbits==

*Year of Seltzer Update: 27/500
*Bubbl'r Cherry Guava Blender 76/100
*Bubbl'r Pataya Berry Nectar 73/100
*Bubbl'r Passion Fruit Wonder 78/100
*Alex's lawyers are abandoning him
*Barnes has a show on InfoWars
*Operation Lockstep is Bill and Melinda Gates pushing forced innoculation
*Guest: Francis Boyle
*Five Eyes Intelligence report on Covid-19 outbreak in China
*The FBI is going to General Flynn Alex because of his comments about Fauci
*CDC admits Covid-19 deaths are inflated
*Hillary is going to run with Obama as VP, says op-ed by Douglas McKinnon
*Alex eats ass satirically, modestly
*Alex hasn't read A Modest Proposal
*RT and National File understand Alex
*Hospitals will kill you for the money
*Don't eat your neighbors, buy food buckets
*Boyle: CDC is underreporting deaths
*Guest: Alan Keyes
*Fuck Alan Keyes
*May 4 is trash
*Alex is couging on air because of the air conditioner
*Alex has throat polyps, but can't get them treated because he can't be off air... ad pivot for lung cleanse
*Alex is stealing traffic from David Icke

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan discuss a couple days of Alex Jones' show that ends up being much more about Alex's cannibalism publicity stunt than anyone would like.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/5/5/episode-429-may-3-4-2020 Episode 429: May 3-4, 2020]</ref>

Topics covered include:

*Alex's lawyer Norm Pattis [https://www.ctpost.com/local/article/Pattis-drops-Alex-Jones-in-Sandy-Hook-defamation-15246570.php has filed to withdraw as his lawyer] in the Sandy Hook case.
*Alex discusses a supposed dossier put together by the 5 Eyes, which was covered in [https://www.dailytelegraph.com.au/coronavirus/bombshell-dossier-lays-out-case-against-chinese-bat-virus-program/news-story/55add857058731c9c71c0e96ad17da60 The Daily Telegraph] and [https://www.foxnews.com/politics/five-eyes-dossier-chinese-coronavirus-coverup-u-s-findings Fox News]. It's also mentioned in [https://foreignpolicy.com/2020/05/04/coronavirus-lab-leak-trump-five-eyes/ Foreign Policy], where it's discussed how the dossier contradicts three of the 5 Eyes countries' stated conclusions.
*Alex lies about the CDC supposedly cutting the number of Covid-deaths in the US. [https://cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid19/index.htm The website this comes from] explicitly says the numbers on the page are weeks behind.
*Alex thinks [https://www.cltampa.com/news-views/article/20759757/tampa-tribune-fires-conservative-columnist-douglas-mackinnon an op-ed in The Hill] about the possibility of a Hillary-Obama ticket is the revelation of the Globalists' plan. In reality, it was written by a republican speechwriter who previously has written pro-Trump columns for the Daily Caller, and [https://www.rightwingwatch.org/post/author-wants-southern-states-to-secede-over-gay-rights-name-new-country-reagan/ a book about how the South should secede] in response to rising LGBTQ acceptance.
*Alex misrepresents [https://www.forbes.com/sites/sethcohen/2020/05/02/please-dont-eat-your-neighbor--why-what-alex-jones-just-said-is-so-dangerous/#7c721e885810 an article about his cannibalism rant in Forbes].
*Alex probably has a bad grasp on A Modest Proposal. The target of Jonathan Swift's satire is discussed in [https://www.jstor.org/stable/90014752 Elizabeth Hedrick's paper].
*Francis Boyle brings up a pretty good point about the number of excess deaths that countries around the world have seen since the beginning of the outbreak. [https://www.ft.com/content/0ed8ea34-ebc5-4425-b86a-7a29447de57b Two articles] in [https://www.ft.com/content/6bd88b7d-3386-4543-b2e9-0d5c6fac846c the Financial Times] discuss research into this phenomenon.
*Dan critically deconstructs Alex's cannibalism rant to determine if there was any possibility of satire to be found therein. Spoiler alert: there is not.
*Jonathan Swift's non-satire work, like [https://celt.ucc.ie/published/E700001-009/text001.html A Proposal for Giving Badges to the Beggars in all the Parishes of Dublin], shows a distaste for the poor.
*Alex plays almost an hour of an interview from London Real with David Icke, even though that interview was Icke saying that there is no coronavirus, which is a massive contradiction of everything Alex believes

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
