{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0433:May 12-13, 2020
}}{{Episode
    | title             = May 12-13, 2020
    | caption           = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/433-may-12-13-2020 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/4nRpihc4C0pY4ExmdaJ7Nt Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/433: May 12-13, 2020|Unofficial Transcript]]
    | episodeNumber     = 433
    | length            = 02:05:40
    | airDate           = May 15, 2020
    | coverageStartDate = May 12, 2020
    | coverageEndDate   = May 13, 2020
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[Mark Cuban]], [[Dylan Avery]], [[Jason Bermis]], [[Anthony Fauci]], [[Steven Greer]], [[Bill Gates]], [[John Brennan]], [[Rich Granville]]
    | beverage          = Clearly Canadian Country Raspberry; Clearly Canadian Mountain Blackberry; Clearly Canadian Wild Cherry
    | oocDrop           = We all prayed for Rush Limbaugh
    | previousEpisode   = [[432: May 10-11, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[434: Bill Cooper Covers OKC Part 1]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan discuss a couple days of this week on The Alex Jones Show. In this installment, Alex fails in a valiant attempt to make a point, possibly warns the world of a fake alien invasion, and gets a little too specific about what movie he pretends he was offered a starring role in.

==Tidbits==

*[[The Year of the Seltzer|Year of Seltzer]] Update: 65/100
*Clearly Canadian Country Raspberry 69/100
*Clearly Canadian Wild Cherry 22/100
*If you study the globalist plan, it's obvious
*Amateur astronomers are better than professionals
*Alex's True Story: Alex buys a telescope
*Alex bought a $25,000 telescope in 1993
*Alex finds lots of planets coming into the solar system
*When there's first contact, Alex will meet it with nukes
*Alex is going to tell you how awesome [[Donald Trump|Trump]] is
*Alex likes to drive fast
*[[Mark Cuban]] was indicted for talking to Alex about Loose Change
*Dylan Avery and Jason Bermis background
*Alex's True Story: Alex should have been in Guardians of the Galaxy
*You may be ugly, but god makes you beautiful... ad pivot
*Quit whining about covid 19 cases in the Whitehouse
*Alex covers Fauci's senate testimony, just interrupts
*Guest: Dr Steven Greer talks about fake alien invasion
*Fake ad infinitum
*The public is ready to hear about aliens
*Vaccines make you sterile
*Alex cites the show he's currently making
*Indian HCG study
*Don't use google, use yippy
*Open Access Library Journal article by Shaw and Jenovich
*[[Bill Gates]] wears pink sweaters to give you a vaccine
*Alex is ok with population control in India
*The world is run by a committee of 12
*Alex knows who 8 of the 12 members are
*Bill Gates is the Science Officer on the committee
*Alex continues to lie about meat packers
*Racist Asian voice... buy food buckets
*Alex prepares so much, anything can throw him off
*Alex is going to prove there are sterilants in vaccines
*Alex goes 0 for 14
*Message to Bill Gates and Trump... I'm gonna cut a commercial
*Alex doesn't want offensive violence because of the bad press
*Alex needs a month off
*Alex has a sexual fantasy of killing [[John Brennan]]
*Alex yells "China Virus" in San Antonio
*Caller: Can we avoid war?
*Cops should overthrow the mayor
*Guest: Richard Granville, CEO of Yippy, Q idiot
*Rich: Trump is a god appointed king
*If Satanists worship the devil, that means God exists

==Notable Bits==

*Alex's True Story

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan discuss a particularly frustrating couple days on [[The Alex Jones Show]].<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/5/15/episode-433-may-12-13-2020 Episode 433: May 12-13, 2020]</ref>

Topics covered include:

*Alex thinks that amateur astronomers discover most of the Near Earth Objects, and that professionals do not do much. This [https://www.nasa.gov/vision/universe/watchtheskies/neo.html is definitely] [https://arxiv.org/pdf/1503.04272.pdf not true].
*Alex claims that Mark Cuban was threatened with indictment because he was going to distribute Loose Change. The emails Cuban received [https://www.reuters.com/article/sec-norris-decision/fired-sec-lawyer-wins-reversal-in-case-over-emails-idUSL2E8FA9OL20120410 were unrelated to his insider trading case], which had nothing to do with Loose Change. The guy just [https://www.businessinsider.com/2008/11/new-light-on-the-bizarre-mark-cuban-emails seemed to hate Mark Cuban].
*Also, the director of Loose Change [https://theoutline.com/post/2179/reflecting-on-loose-change-in-the-age-of-fake-news-9-11-inside-job doesn't care much for Alex], and [http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/trutherism/2011/09/the_rise_of_truth.html isn't as much of a conspiracy theorist anymore].
*Alex claims that he was offered the starring role in Guardians of the Galaxy, but turned it down. This is a completely absurd claim, for a hundred different reasons.
*[https://www.who.int/immunization/monitoring_surveillance/resources/milstien.pdf Explanation from the WHO] about the roots of the misrepresentation that there is hCG in vaccines
*Alex's [http://www.oalib.com/articles/5290033#.Xr4uRmhKhPY primary source paper], "HCG Found In WHO Tetanus Vaccine In Kenya Raises Concern In the Developing World," is a bad paper. It's authors have [http://retractionwatch.com/2016/02/25/removed-paper-linking-hpv-vaccine-to-behavioral-issues-gets-retracted/ a history of having papers about vaccines retracted], and [https://retractionwatch.com/2018/01/30/second-time-researchers-retract-republish-vaccine-paper/ the paper itself is not good].
*Alex claims that Bill Gates was thrown out of India and Pakistan. He in fact has [https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/gates-org-kicked-out-of-india/ not been thrown out of India], [https://philanthropynewsdigest.org/news/gates-foundation-commits-200-million-to-combat-poverty-in-pakistan nor Pakistan]. These are both lies Alex is reporting.
*Alex lies about how [https://www.jsonline.com/story/news/2020/05/08/second-wisconsin-meatpacking-worker-dies-of-coronavirus-800-infected/3095122001/ no meat-packing plant employees] are [https://www.businessinsider.com/meatpacking-plants-12000-coronavirus-cases-48-deaths-2020-5 dying from Covid-19]. At least one employee at [https://www.kq2.com/content/news/16-workers-at-Triumph-Foods-under-quarantine-after-testing-positive-for-COVID-19-569925561.html the specific Triumph Food plant] that he brings up repeatedly [https://www.kmov.com/news/man-who-worked-at-missouri-pork-plant-dies-from-coronavirus/article_7e38c62c-907a-11ea-bc67-4b2f72b2745c.html has died].
*Alex references [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12266649 a 1985 paper] about a birth control vaccine that he claims is an instance of the Globalists putting sterilants into vaccine, and that [[Anthony Fauci]] was involved. There doesn't appear to be a connection, and his interpretation is incorrect.
*Alex claims hCG comes from the ovaries and testicles. [https://www.hormone.org/your-health-and-hormones/glands-and-hormones-a-to-z/hormones/human-chorionic-gonadotropin-hormone-hcg This does not appear to be true].
*Alex's First Headline doesn't make his argument. It is [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/7683889 a 1993 article about Gursaran Talwar's research] into a birth control vaccine.
*Alex's Second Headline doesn't make his argument. It is [https://www.cell.com/trends/immunology/comments/S1471-4906(02)02182-8 an article in Trends in Immunology] about research into birth control shots.
*Alex's Third Headline doesn't make his argument. It is about [https://www.pbs.org/independentlens/blog/unwanted-sterilization-and-eugenics-programs-in-the-united-states/ some dark moments in American history] that involve sterilization, but still is unrelated to the claims he's presenting.
*Alex's Fourth Headline doesn't make his argument. It is [https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/nov/12/india-sterilisation-deaths-women-forced-camps-relatives about sterilizations in India], but is unrelated to the larger point Alex is trying to present.
*Alex's Fifth Headline doesn't make his argument. It is just about a government reorganization in India, where [https://www.reuters.com/article/us-india-health-bmgf/india-cuts-some-funding-ties-with-gates-foundation-on-immunization-idUSKBN15N13K the state took on the responsibility of some of the funding for programs that the Gates foundation had previously been funding]. The Gates Foundation stayed involved in the program afterwards, and according to Alex, Gates should have been thrown out of India at this point already.
*Alex's Sixth Headline doesn't make his argument. It is just another article, [https://academic.oup.com/humupd/article/3/4/301/632859 from the July 1997 issue of Human Reproduction Update], about Gursaran Talwar's research into birth control shots.
*Alex's Seventh Headline doesn't make his argument. It is a product of the Population Research Institute, which is disqualifying on its face.
*Alex's Eighth Headline doesn't make his argument. It is just Alex saying "contraceptive vaccines," which is meaningless.
*Alex's Ninth Headline doesn't make his argument. He just says "Special Programme of Research, Development and Research Training in Human Reproduction" and pretends it's something he's read. It's not something he could read, [https://www.who.int/reproductivehealth/hrp/en/ it is an entire organization], so I have no idea what text he's even referring to.
*Alex's Tenth Headline doesn't make his argument. It is [https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6736(05)60336-4/fulltext an article about opposition to birth control shots in India]. Alex claims that this 1998 article involves the HPV vaccine, which did not exist until 2006.
*Alex's Eleventh Headline doesn't make his argument. There are two articles titled "Antifertility Vaccines" on Science Direct. One of them is just [https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S1471490602021828 the same article as his Second Headline], which he already cited when it was posted on a different website. The other is [https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/0264410X89900431 a 1989 article by Gursaran Talwar] about his research into birth control shots.
*Alex's Twelfth Headline doesn't make his argument. I think it's something about ink cartridges making you sterile, but I have no idea what he's talking about.
*Alex's Thirteenth Headline doesn't make his argument. It is just the original paper from the Open Access Library Journal that started all of this.
*Alex's Fourteenth Headline doesn't make his argument. It is [https://www.sundayguardianlive.com/news/ethical-questions-surround-vaccine-reduce-fertility an op-ed in the Sunday Guardian] which miscites an [https://www.nature.com/articles/nm0218-118 article in Nature Medicine] about Gursaran Talwar's continuing research into birth control shots, even though he was older than 90.
*Alex's argument about [[Globalists]] putting sterilants into the vaccines has not been made in any way, this was a complete failure on his part.
*Alex's guest, Rich Granville, [https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2019/08/michael-flynn-and-george-papadopoulos-are-scheduled-to-speak-at-a-conference-organized-by-a-qanon-supporter/ organized a very-clearly QAnon themed conference], then [https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2019/08/michael-flynn-wants-a-judge-to-allow-him-to-travel-to-a-conference-held-by-a-qanon-fan/ got mad at Mother Jones for calling it that].

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
