{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0434:Bill Cooper Covers OKC Part 1
}}{{Episode
    | title             = Bill Cooper Covers OKC Part 1
    | caption           = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/434-bill-cooper-does-okc-part-1 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/2MK68OUPLNQnFrJV48F2R2 Spotify]
    | episodeNumber     = 434
    | length            = 02:30:23
    | airDate           = May 18, 2020
    | coverageStartDate = May 19, 1995
    | coverageEndDate   = May 21, 1995
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Wacky Wednesday|Wacky Wednesday]]
    | appearance        = [[Bill Cooper]], [[Phyllis Schlafly]], [[Bill Clinton]], [[Janet Reno]], [[Dave McCurdy]], [[Manuel Noriega]], [[Roger Charles Bell]]
    | previousEpisode   = [[433: May 12-13, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[435: May 18-21, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, to supplement their coverage of Alex Jones, Dan and Jordan begin an exploration of how things played out on Bill Cooper's radio show The Hour of the Time on the days immediately following the bombing of the Murrah building in Oklahoma City. This installment covers the day of the bombing, April 19, 1995, as well as April 20-21.

==Tidbits==

*Oklahoma City Part 1
*Retiring Wacky Wednesdays, moving it to Mondays
*How did Bill cover OKC?
*Never forget Waco
*Oklahoma City is a false flag... moving on
*Minnesota conference of states vote, relates to article 5 of the constitution
*Bill Cooper and Phyllis Schlafly are against states' rights
*Conference of States was just about being against Clinton
*The media isn't reporting all the facts about the bombing
*Bill has people on the scene
*They're over-reporting death tolls
*Bill Clinton/Janet Reno press conference
*The FBI shut down the mall
*Increased security at the Air Force Base
*Bill's station chief couln't get on scene
*Bill knows there's no other bombs
*Bill is against profiling Middle Easterners
*Bill covers bombing rumors
*Rumor: The Nation of Islam takes responsibility
*Rumor: Dave McCurdy says it's Hamas
*ATF had explosives in their office
*Rumor: ATF had a rocket launcher
*Bill's gold pitch sounds like Alex
*If you don't prepare, you're gonna fucking die, or Bill will enslave you
*The only thing Bill ever got wrong was Noriega
*National Sovereignty is over
*UN document 7277
*OKC was a NWO false flag
*Bill is butthurt about Waco
*There is no Medallion Hotel in OKC
*Bill predicts more NWO bombings
*Bill and Alex have similar bumper music
*Bill sets himself up for a spike
*Roger Chalres Bell, Prince Edward Island pipe bomber
*Congress wants to take your bombs away
*Clinton body count: Bill edition
*National Guard means OKC was a drill
*Where is the security camera footage
*Fertilizer bombs can't do that type of damage
*Bill's station chief is fired
*Martial Law means free parking
*Janet Reno is a murderer... ad pivot
*Caller: Thanks for the sanity
*University of Oklahoma seismograph recorded 2 blasts
*Someone did a bomb drill the day before
*Caller: I see the patterns because of you
*Bill puts militias on high alert
*Patriots aren't white supremacists
*The bomber is going to be racist, and they'll claim he's a patriot
*The Montana Militia is controlled opposition
*OKC was picked because they came out against the NWO
*Bill is right about everything
*NWO makes copycat bomb threats
*The goverment is illegitimate
*Socialists will take you to a camp

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan begin an exploration of how Bill Cooper covered the bombing of the Murrah building in Oklahoma City on April 19, 1995.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/5/18/episode-434-bill-cooper-does-okc-part-1 Episode 434: Bill Cooper Does OKC Part 1]</ref>

Topics covered include:

*Bill Cooper is concerned about a bill supposedly going through the Minnesota legislature that would convene a Conference of States. There is [https://www.revisor.mn.gov/laws/1995/0/ no such bill] that appears to have passed the MN state house or senate in 1995. This was all about a plan being put together by the National Association of Governors to gather state legislatures to assert state power, but [https://www.riponsociety.org/article/the-unbridled-growth-of-federal-power-and-the-complacency-of-the-states/ the idea had been largely deflated] after the GOP won control of Congress in the 1994 midterms. It lingered as a paranoia among [https://www.phyllisschlafly.com/constitution/article-v-convention/the-phyllis-schlafly-report-april-1995/ folks like Phyllis Schlafly] after this point, however.
*Bill is upset about death estimates going around in the media. It's unclear what exactly he was referring to, but [https://www.upi.com/Archives/1995/04/19/Bomb-tears-apart-Oklahoma-City-federal- UPI's reporting] reflects responsible coverage. Bill appears to be talking about estimates from Washington by 4:30, which was when Bill Clinton and Janet Reno held a press conference. No estimates matching Bill's version was [https://www.c-span.org/video/?64650-1%2Foklahoma-city-bombing in the conference].
*Bill is correct that [https://bombing.newsok.com/bombing/article/1175328/?template=bombing%2Fmain 50 Penn Place in Oklahoma City was evacuated], as well as Penn Square Mall across the street. He is unclear about the subject, and it's not suspicious.
*Times of various events are from the [http://murderpedia.org/male.M/images/m/mcveigh/docs/okcfr_App_F.pdf Document Management Team's report].
*The anchors who discussed a phone call claiming that the Nation of Islam took responsibility for the bombing also [https://www.latimes.com/archives/la-xpm-1995-04-21-ca-57299-story.html were clear it could have been a prank call]. Also, Dave McCurdy [https://www.upi.com/Archives/1995/04/19/Bomb-tears-apart-Oklahoma-City-federal-building/9530023433931/ made reference to Hamas].
*The ATF [https://www.washingtonpost.com/archive/politics/1996/05/06/after-the-bombing-an-ostracized-atf/55f5f973-5a92-423b-8deb-8498dff417c7/ has gone on the record] that there were no explosives in their office. Mike Shannon testified that one of the devices that was suspected to have been found [https://oklahoman.com/article/1074860/okc-bombing-trial-transcript-05211997-1631-cdtcst was a desk clock].
*There was [https://web.archive.org/web/20090511115014/http://www.terrorisminfo.mipt.org/pdf/okcfr_part2.pdf a rocket launcher found in the debris]. It was not hidden, nor unexplained.
*The Medallion Hotel does exist. It started a renovation project [https://www.questia.com/newspaper/1P2-5676129/medallion-hotel-slated-for-renovation-project in Feb. 1995], and completed it [https://oklahoman.com/article/2553209/medallion-hotel-shows-off-plush-renovation in October 1996]. Also, while there covering the bombing, [https://www.nydailynews.com/bs-xpm-1995-05-07-1995127008-story.html Tom Brokaw allegedly yelled at a clerk for losing his reservations]. There is no reason that Bill's investigative team should be confused about whether or not this is a real hotel.
*Bill claims that an April 20 bombing in Prince Edward Island was connected with the OKC bombing. This is definitely not true. It was the work of [https://www.theguardian.pe.ca/news/local/convicted-bomber-roger-bells-reign-of-terror-began-30-years-ago-251945/ a serial bomber named Roger Charles Bell], who [https://www.theguardian.pe.ca/news/local/how-loki-7-bomber-roger-bell-became-a-police-task-forces-top-priority-251954/ taunted the police] under the alias, Loki 7.
*The Omnibus Counterterrorism Act of 1995 [https://www.congress.gov/bill/104th-congress/senate-bill/00390 did not pass the Senate] as S390. It also [https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/104/s761 did not pass when it was introduced again] as S761.
*There is no solid evidence that there is any security camera footage of the bomb detonating. The [https://www.koco.com/article/witnesses-no-security-camera-videos-show-oklahoma-city-bombing-blast/4299527 former assistant building manager Richard Williams] testified that the cameras on the outside of the building had been not functional for two years at the point of the bombing. A Secret Service log references a tape of suspects exiting the Ryder truck, but it has been explained that [https://www.enidnews.com/news/local_news/trial-opening-over-video-of-oklahoma-city-bombing/article_f070fe71-783a-54ef-8cef-911e1506632d.html this log contained unconfirmed reports], and it is possible that this piece of information has been misconstrued.
*OKC Police Lt. Bill Martin, who had been quoted in Relevance saying that there had been fulminate of mercury taken out of the building, [https://oklahoman.com/article/2610442/lieutenant-tells-grand-jury-he-saw-no-explosive testified to a grand jury] that this was a "complete falsehood."
*There were two wave signals approximately 10 seconds apart on the morning of April 19, but [https://agupubs.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1029/96EO00269 subsequent studies have demonstrated] that this is [https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2002AGUSM.U22A..05H/abstract indicative of one explosion, not two].

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Wacky Wednesday]]
