{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0435:May 18-21, 2020
}}{{Episode
    | title             = May 18-21, 2020
    | caption           = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/435-may-18-21-2020 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber     = 435
    | length            = 02:03:22
    | airDate           = May 22, 2020
    | coverageStartDate = May 18, 2020
    | coverageEndDate   = May 21, 2020
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[Melinda Gates]], [[Nicolai Petrovski]], [[Bill Gates]], [[Alan Dershowitz]], [[Dan Lyman]], [[David Rockefeller]], [[Harrison Smith]], [[Greg Reese]], [[Margaret Sanger]], [[Michelle Malkin]], [[Joe Rogan]], [[Stephen Colbert]]
    | beverage          = Perrier Lime; Perrier Lemon; Perrier Grapefruit; La Croix Pamplemousse; Fizz & Co Root Beer
    | oocDrop           = You're not sticking your metal penis in me!
    | previousEpisode   = [[434: Bill Cooper Covers OKC Part 1]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[436: May 22, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan regroup and discuss the bizarre week that was on the Alex Jones Show.  In this installment, Alex discusses being too drunk to meet with the Secret Service at the RNC, tries to make Joe Rogan's Spotify contract about himself, and lets two dullards fill in for him. Also, Dan becomes drunk with power after uncovering a few new drops.

==Tidbits==

*Raptor Princess Anthony H
*Melinda Gates wore an upside down cross with a red corona
*YouTube commenters don't support Melinda Gates
*Austrian study shows coronavirus is manmade
*Nicolai Petrovski's non-peer reviewed study
*Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation got Indian paper withdrawn
*No spikes in reopened areas
*Alex talks to Dan drops
*BMGF Seattle lab gives 100% false positives
*MS13 is nothing compared to Bill Gates
*Upside down cross is lesser magic
*Alex teaches symbology
*Alex teases Bill Gates documentary
*There's lots of news... about Alex... ad pivot
*Alex is taking time off to lay in the sun
*Dershowitz says get vaccines
*Alex fires projectiles of truth
*Alex loses his shit and curses
*Alex's True Story: Alex meets the secret service at the RNC
*Guest: Dan Lyman
*Lockdown increased unrest
*Don't support globalist businesses
*Cheek kissing crimes
*Alex wans't going to take PPP money
*Wear noodles on your head
*Dumbest fucking people on earth
*Banned.video is doing great
*Bill Gates replaces David Rockefeller
*Alex is back on hydroxychloroquine bullshit
*Leftist arm of CIA says don't listen to Trump
*Covid 19 is vitamin deficiency
*Alex tells audience to overdose on zinc
*Alex's True Story: Alex's doctor takes hydroxychloroquine
*Sale: 100% off water filter
*Alex leaves, Harrison Smith takes over
*Harrison: Bill Gates is Thanos
*Harvard scientists block out the sun
*Greg Reese sucks
*Harrison forgets Margaret Sanger
*Harrison is a weird dork
*Harrison sees the Watchmen in the same light as Alex
*Harrison and Greg don't understand Rorschach
*If it's kicked off Twitter, it's worth reporting
*Michelle Malkin update
*Alex cuts promo about being off air
*Alex takes off for the most important transmission in history
*Rogan moves to Spotify, Alex is annoyed
*All the thought leaders are moving to Austin
*Joe Rogan is done with the left
*Stephen Colbert used to be a patriot
*Alex wants a podcasting union
*Alex's True Story: Alex's conversation with Rogan
*Spotify ad pivot
*Year of Seltzer update 78/500
*Perrier Lime 70/100
*Perrier Lemon 73/100
*Perrier Grapefruit is trash
*La Croix Pomplemousse 38/100
*Fizz & Co Root Beer 18/100

==Notable Bits==

*Alex's True Story

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan discuss the past week on the Alex Jones Show, where Alex repeatedly said he was going to take a few days off, then kept showing back up for cameos on the show.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/5/21/episode-435-may-18-21-2020 Episode 435: May 18-21, 2020]</ref>

Topics covered include:

*Alex has a new pre-publish study from Australia (or Austria?) that he is using to argue that the coronavirus was man-made. This is [https://www.theweek.in/news/world/2020/05/19/novel-coronavirus-is-human-made-says-australia-study.html much less definitive] than he is reporting.
*Alex discusses Alex Azar saying that there aren't spikes being seen in areas that have reopened, but failed to point out that [https://www.reuters.com/article/us-health-coronavirus-usa/no-spike-in-coronavirus-in-places-reopening-u-s-health-secretary-says-idUSKBN22T0HN he also said it was too early to determine the effects] of reopening.
*Alex misrepresents news about [https://www.kiro7.com/news/local/fda-halts-covid-19-in-home-test-kits-seattle/6ECNJ3HJYJFLJG6JCFBXW4ABHY/ a lab that was recently put on a temporary hold] by the FDA. They weren't shut down due to faulty tests, it was [https://www.geekwire.com/2020/coronavirus-tracking-project-backed-bill-gates-gets-put-hold-due-fda-concerns/ a technical matter about them having authorization to release results] to people who send in samples.
*Alex is mad at Melinda Gates wearing an upside-down cross in a recent TV interview. Alex thinks it's Satanic, but seems to be completely unaware that [https://www.catholic.com/magazine/online-edition/the-upside-down-cross-satanic-or-symbolic it is a very important symbol in Catholicism], the Cross of St. Peter. Incidentally, [https://www.worldvision.org/gender-equality-news-stories/melinda-gates-interview Melinda Gates is a very public member of the Catholic church].
*Alex makes up a Norse history for the peace symbol. In reality, [https://theweek.com/captured/737372/origin-story-peace-sign it was designed by artist Gerald Holtom in 1958], largely motivated by the nuclear disarmament movement. Alex thinks the peace symbol is the Norse symbol for death, because it looks like a tree. Alex is mixing up [https://norse-mythology.org/symbols/ Valknut] (a symbol of death) and [https://publicdomainreview.org/collection/yggdrasil-the-sacred-ash-tree-of-norse-mythology Yggdrasil] (which is a tree, but not a symbol of death).
*Alex misrepresents a story about a man wanted by the police in the UK for kissing a woman on the cheek. The reality of the story is that [https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8326633/Police-launch-sexual-assault-appeal-lorry-driver-kisses-pensioner-woman-cheek.html the woman in question reported it to the police] and was distressed by the man's gesture.
*Alex claims that Hydroxychloroquine is one of the only treatments for respiratory conditions. [https://www.rtmagazine.com/products-treatment/pharmaceuticals/us-pharmaceuticals/pharmacological-treatment-of-respiratory-disorders/ This is not true].
*Alex claims that Hydroxychloroquine is one of the only treatments for lupus. While it is prescribed to manage lupus, [https://www.lupus.org/resources/medications-used-to-treat-lupus it is only one of many medications that are used in that context].
*Alex claims that hundreds and hundreds of studies have shown Hydroxychloroquine is 100% effective in treating coronavirus. There aren't even hundreds of studies about this question, and [https://www.cidrap.umn.edu/news-perspective/2020/05/studies-find-further-lack-covid-benefit-hydroxychloroquine the most recent ones have indicated that the medication doesn't do anything].
*Alex misrepresents [https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2020/05/200507121353.htm a study about Covid-19 mortality and Vitamin D deficiency]. Also, he mentions a doctor who got arrested for giving patients Vitamin C. [https://www.thedailybeast.com/detroit-doctor-charles-mok-charged-after-pushing-bogus-vitamin-c-infusions-as-covid-19-cure The story is more about fraud].
*Alex recommended his listeners take 100 mg of zinc daily, which will protect them from coronavirus, and apparently have no negative effects. [https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/2407097/ That dose can definitely have some negative effects].
*Greg Reece and Harrison Smith reveal that they don't know much about [https://www.healthknowledge.org.uk/public-health-textbook/research-methods/1a-epidemiology/epidemic-theory a virus's "basic reproduction number" and "effective reproduction number,]" and that neither of them thought to look into it before speculating about nonsense on air.

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]