{{Episode
    | title           = May 22, 2020
    | caption         = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/436-may-22-2020 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber   = 436
    | length          = 01:27:56
    | airDate         = May 25, 2020
    | coverageDate    = May 22, 2020
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance      = [[Joe Rogan]], [[David Pakman]], [[Bill Gates]], [[Owen Shroyer]], [[Ahmaud Arbery]], [[Jason Goodman]]
    | beverage        = Signature Selects Orange Cream; Signature Selects Strawberry Cream
    | previousEpisode = [[435: May 18-21, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[437: Gawain With a Telescope]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan explore some issues related to the end of last week on The Alex Jones Show. In this installment, Joe Rogan says that Alex is lying about his move to Spotify, Alex indicates a lack of awareness about the country's founding documents, and reveals that he may be communicating with Trump telepathically.

==Tidbits==

*Year of Seltzer Update
*Reminder: Joe tells Alex about how he's going after the left
*Joe contradicts Alex
*Joe Rogan and David Pakman
*Joe ponders Bill Gates
*Joe is almost pro-vaccine subsidies
*Owen pushes rally this weekend
*Owen will lick doorknobs to prove covid 19 isn't real
*Spread the virus rally
*Pastors are fighting back
*Congress shall make no law
*Alex doesn't know the Declaration of Independence
*Shutdowns are targeting churches
*Alex talks Church burning
*Alex's True Story: Seeing a guy at a construction site
*Alex talks about Ahmaud Arbery
*It's ok for black people to beat up white people
*Alex gets visions from god
*God lets Alex read the enemy's mind
*Alex Jones, reluctant psychic
*Globalists convince themselves they're important
*Alex says Trump will lose 2020 election
*Alex wants Trump to override states and reopen churches
*Alex Jones Karaoke: Techno rant
*Alex's True Story: Alex talks with a NYT reporter at the inauguration
*The UN says don't take hydroxychloroquine
*Trump can hear your prayers
*Only a few amendments allow Trump to override the states
*Who has Alex been praying with?
*Ghandi quote
*Guest: Jason Goodman, interviewer of Alan Dershowitz
*Moderna means mother in Spanish
*How does Moderna bypass animal testing?
*Alex makes everyone work on Memorial Day

==Notable Bits==

*Alex's True Story
*Alex Jones karaoke
*Ghandi quote

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan discuss the end of last week on the Alex Jones Show.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/5/24/episode-436-may-22-2020 Episode 436: May 22, 2020]</ref>

Topics covered include:

*Joe Rogan completely contradicts Alex's narratives about his move to Spotify on a new episode of his podcast, featuring David Pakman.
*Owen Shroyer jokingly declares that his next rally has a goal of spreading the virus to as many people as possible. This joke is not funny now, and will be less so when we hear about the first cases that trace back to the rally.
*Alex appears to not know the difference between the [https://constitutionus.com/ Constitution] and the [https://www.archives.gov/founding-docs/declaration-transcript Declaration of Independence]. He also seems to think the amendments are the beginning of the Constitution.
*There are some pastors that are in favor of the stay-at-home orders, [https://www.baltimoresun.com/maryland/carroll/lifestyles/cc-rl-piel-050920-20200509-rzvmvq7uizfcnbwj2bz7cvgg5i-story.html like Rev. Piel].
*Churches are a particularly dangerous location for transmission, and there have been [https://www.theguardian.com/world/2020/apr/03/california-church-coronvirus-outbreak-sacramento cases of spread tracing back to churches,] and [https://nypost.com/2020/04/13/virginia-pastor-who-held-packed-church-service-dies-of-coronavirus/ a pastor who denied stay-at-home orders has died from Covid-19].
*Alex did not make up the [https://www.insider.com/mississippi-church-violated-coronavirus-orders-burnt-down-2020-5 story about a church being burned].
*Alex tries to use [https://time.com/5838863/ahmaud-arbery-police-tase-video/ a tape of Ahmaud Arbury from 2017] to make it seem like his being killed is less of an injustice. It is disgraceful.
*The man who beat up an elderly man at a hospital [https://www.foxnews.com/us/patient-beat-elderly-man-suffers-mental-issues suffered from mental illness] and [https://www.detroitnews.com/story/news/local/detroit-city/2020/05/24/man-20-faces-charges-beating-75-year-old-nursing-home-roommate/5252345002/ has been charged with a crime].
*[https://www.theguardian.com/science/2020/may/22/hydroxychloroquine-trumps-covid-19-cure-increases-deaths-global-study-finds A new study about hydroxychloroquine] appears to indicate a higher death rate of people who have taken the medication opposed to people who have not.
*There is [https://www.statnews.com/2020/03/11/researchers-rush-to-start-moderna-coronavirus-vaccine-trial-without-usual-animal-testing/ no law that says animal trials are required] for medical testing.

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]