{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0438:May 26-28, 2020
}}{{Episode
    | title             = May 26-28, 2020
    | caption           = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/438-may-26-28-2020 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/7q2QMfKbTg7uCgDXnv3AMq Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/438: May 26-28, 2020|Unofficial Transcript]]
    | episodeNumber     = 438
    | length            = 02:29:28
    | airDate           = May 29, 2020
    | coverageStartDate = May 26, 2020
    | coverageEndDate   = May 28, 2020
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[Gretchen Whitmer]], [[Brian Stelter]], [[Max Keiser]], [[Sammy Hagar]], [[Jared Kushner]], [[Ivanka Trump]], [[Anthony Cuomo]], [[George Floyd]], [[Bill Gates]], [[Robert Kennedy Jr]]
    | previousEpisode   = [[437: Gawain With a Telescope]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[439: May 29-31, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan discuss the week that was on the Alex Jones Show. In this installment, Alex attempts to take credit for Trump's executive order about social media, accuses Democrats of killing people in nursing homes, and the gents discuss Alex's response to the evolving situation in Minneapolis.

==Tidbits==

*[[The Year of the Seltzer|Year of Seltzer]] Update: 92/500
*Window into making an episode
*Gunshot victims are Covid 19
*Freedom Foundation bullshit report
*NY Times made a mistake!
*80% of covid 19 deaths are over 85
*Lockdown is going to keep people from standing up for themselves
*Alex's True Story: everyone is actually informed
*Dems are shipping covid 19 positive workers to nursing homes
*Gretchen Whitmer gets Alex as angry as Brian Stelter
*Sting the goblin cleaver
*Growling ad pivot
*Call to prayer being broadcast in London
*Alex is OK with China purging Muslims
*Fasting with Muslims means you're a child molester
*Guest: Max Keiser
*Alex doesn't like Max pushing BitCoin
*Alex's True Story: Fans in a liquor store
*Important news: Sammy Hagar isn't locking down
*Max gives away BitCoin on air
*Alex doesn't shut Max down
*Where's my money, Max?
*Vote by mail is pure fraud
*Jared and Ivanka are down with Google
*They're targeting nursing homes
*Cuomo deletes documents from covid 19 stats
*Doctors are guilty of pre-meditated murder
*Go investigate the hospitals
*It's not murder if they're zombies
*Alex calls for unity in Minneapolis, lets cop off hook
*George Floyd is a tragedy, but it's not as bad as abortion
*Bill Gates's vaccines don't work
*Robert Kennedy Jr is a fucking liar
*Alex takes credit for Trump's executive order
*Alex is a lobbyist now
*Lobbying is OK if it's selfless
*Alex predicts how the globalists will go after Trump
*Corey Hart parody from MediaBear
*IED's have been buried to kill Trump
*Alex sucks at improv
*Caller: rehire general Flynn
*Alex calls for a military coup

==Notable Bits==

*Alex's True Story

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan discuss the stretch of time where Alex responds to Trump finally seeming to come to his social media defense, and the protests in response to the killing of George Floyd begins.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/6/1/episode-438-may-26-28-2020 Episode 438: May 26-28, 2020]</ref>

Topics covered include:

*Alex reports on [https://www.freedomfoundation.com/washington/washington-health-officials-gunshot-victims-counted-as-covid-19-deaths/ a report from the Freedom Foundation] about a few Covid-19 deaths being gunshot victims. This report itself is a misrepresentation of [https://www.freedomfoundation.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/DOH-COVID-19-telebriefing.mp3 a Washington Department of Health press briefing], and this foundation is an anti-union think tank [https://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php/Freedom_Foundation funded by right-wing billionaires].
*Alex complains that a murder victim was listed in the New York Times list of Covid-19 deaths, failing to recognize that [https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2020/may/24/new-york-times-lists-homicide-victim-coronavirus-d/ they released a correction] and fixed their error before the release of the late edition of the paper.
*Alex claims that 80% of Covid-19 deaths are people over 85. [https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid_weekly/index.htm This is not true].
*[https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/volumes/69/wr/mm6919e5.htm The CDC's report] on excess deaths in New York City.
*Alex misrepresents [https://www.mlive.com/public-interest/2020/04/whitmer-orders-nursing-homes-to-transfer-coronavirus-patients-to-separate-units-or-special-facilities.html Michigan governor Gretchen Whitmer's April executive order] about [https://content.govdelivery.com/attachments/MIEOG/2020/04/15/file_attachments/1428213/EO%202020-50%20Emerg%20order%20-%20long-term%20care%20facilities.pdf nursing homes creating dedicated units] to treat Covid-19 patients.
*Alex gets very anti-Islam about [https://metro.co.uk/2020/05/05/call-prayer-broadcast-first-time-london-borough-lockdown-ramadan-12658639/ a few mosques being allowed to broadcast their call to prayer during Ramadan in London]. Alex pretends that anyone trying to broadcast some kind of Christianity would be shut down, which means he's never heard of [https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20160314/downtown/state-street-preacher-emblem-of-free-speech-chicago-after-trump-rally/ Chicago's "State Street Preacher.]"
*Alex is mad that some UK politicians are fasting in solidarity with Muslims during Ramadan, but he completely missed the story where [https://metro.co.uk/2020/04/27/lib-dem-tweets-picture-bacon-solidarity-muslims-fasting-ramadan-12616236/ one of them accidentally tweeted out a picture of bacon] to celebrate the beginning of the fast.
*Alex discusses Trump's antagonism toward mail-in voting. The reality is that [https://www.ncsl.org/research/elections-and-campaigns/all-mail-elections.aspx many states already use mail-in voting primarily], we have a well-established absentee voting process, and [https://www.cbsnews.com/news/kayleigh-mcenany-vote-by-mail-record-comments-absentee/ Trump's spokesperson has used it in every election since 2008].
*The Brennan Center for Justice has cited [https://www.brennancenter.org/our-work/analysis-opinion/false-narrative-vote-mail-fraud rates of fraud related to mail-in voting] as being lower than [https://www.brennancenter.org/our-work/research-reports/debunking-voter-fraud-myth rates of in-person voting fraud].
*Alex complains that NY Health Department deleted something from their website. [https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8360381/New-York-Health-Department-website-deletes-order-stating-nursing-homes-shouldnt-deny-admissions.html A spokesperson explained] that they just updated the guidance from the original declaration.
*Alex discusses [https://www.organicconsumers.org/news/another-gates-vaccine-bites-dust a Robert Kennedy Jr. article] about two Bill Gates-linked vaccine trials. [https://investors.modernatx.com/news-releases/news-release-details/moderna-announces-positive-interim-phase-1-data-its-mrna-vaccine Two of the primary sources] [https://www.immunology.ox.ac.uk/covid-19/covid-19-immunology-literature-reviews/chadox1-ncov-19-vaccination-prevents-sars-cov-2-pneumonia-in-rhesus-macaques cited in this article] seem to not match the content of the article, which is super suspicious.
*Alex appears to have admitted to being a lobbyist, and if he isn't lying, [https://smallbusiness.chron.com/federal-lobbying-guidelines-14110.html he may have committed a crime] if he didn't report these expenses.
*Alex begins to build a number of very racist narratives about the murder of George Floyd. Dan and Jordan discuss the ways he does so by comparing his use of language surrounding this event, as compared to instances where a non-white person kills a white person. It's like night and day.

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
