{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0439:May 29-31, 2020
}}{{Episode
    | title             = May 29-31, 2020
    | caption           = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/439-may-29-31-2020 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/0WsecujY5tbujokupXOOx1 Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/439: May 29-31, 2020|Unofficial Transcript]], View discussion on [https://reddit.com/gugh51 Reddit]
    | episodeNumber     = 439
    | length            = 02:28:03
    | airDate           = June 1, 2020
    | coverageStartDate = May 29, 2020
    | coverageEndDate   = May 31, 2020
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[George Soros]], [[Derek Chauvin]], [[George Floyd]], [[Bill Cooper]], [[Joe Biden]], [[Andrew Torba]], [[Millie Weaver]], [[Savannah Hernandez]]
    | previousEpisode   = [[438: May 26-28, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[440: June 1-2, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan discuss Alex Jones' coverage of the ongoing situation with nation-wide protests that have broken out. In this installment, Alex brings back his fake Soros/Antifa contracts in order to reintroduce Soros as his primary villain, responds to his fake tank getting chased away from a protest, and makes up stories about video clips he's seen online.

==Tidbits==

*Soros/Antifa contracts are back
*Cops aren't the bad guys
*Chauvin was in a gang, and so was George Floyd
*Burning the 3rd precinct will drive businesses away
*Bill Cooper comments on LA Riots
*No one covers antiwhite violence
*Biden wants to take over China
*The Economist has hidden messages from the Rothschilds
*George Floyd is a drug dealer
*Guest: Tim Enlow, former Blackwater
*Everyone wants to get into white countries
*Trump said shoot rioters
*China is racist. All Chinese people look alike
*Book: Deceiving the Sky by Bill Gertz
*Trump can win if he becomes a dictator... ad pivot
*60% off Flash Sale
*Ad pivot to a rant
*CNN reporter go arrested because CNN is ChiComm and Muslim Brotherhood funded
*Leftist protestors were bussed in
*Oppression made black people better
*Enlow makes up bullshit about Floyd
*Guest: Andrew Torba, founder of Gab
*Torba: Don't regulate the internet
*Protestors are shooting cops!
*Owen takes the InfoTank into the field to make a buzz
*China buys off the French, Spanish, and Italian police
*But what about White Victimhood?
*banned.video doesn't get banned as much
*Alex is getting around the social media bans
*Protect the White House!
*Guest: Millie Weaver
*Millie has tech issues
*Alex is glad they attacked the car
*Owen: George died from an overdose
*Protests are competitive
*Owen: We need leadership
*Alex tries to lay as many narratives as he can
*Soros delivered bricks
*Alex is ok with the National Guard on the streets
*George Floyd did porn, so kill him
*Governor's daughter was mobilizing protestors
*NewsWars got hacked!
*Alex is just asking questions
*Savannah Hernandez, InfoWars reporter, interviews a communist
*White people are being beaten up for being white... and having a machete
*Alex wears a mask in Target
*Alex hasn't been in a store in 3 months
*You'll go to supermax for hitting the InfoTruck
*Antifa are domestic terrorists! Hooray!
*The police aren't part of the police state
*Why did I ever doubt Trump?
*Extreme boot licking
*Why does antifa have Twitter, but not Alex?
*Millie finally calls in
*Millie: The deep state is running IIA psyops because Joe Biden won't win
*Millie is still on YouTube

==References==

*Deceiving The Sky by Bill Gertz

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan continue their coverage of Alex's take on the ongoing protests in response to the killing of George Floyd.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/6/1/episode-439-may-29-31-2020 Episode 439: May 29-31, 2020]</ref>

Topics covered include:

*Alex brings back his old Antifa/Soros contracts, which his intern found on 4chan and are very fake, in order to build the narrative that Soros is paying people to protest in order to cause chaos and take out Trump.
*Alex discusses how Floyd and the cop worked at the same bar, and decides they had to know each other. [https://kstp.com/news/george-floyd-fired-officer-overlapped-security-shifts-at-south-minneapolis-club-may-28-2020/5743990/ This is an unfair reading of the quote behind this story] from the bar's owner. Alex suggests that the killing was secretly an inter-gang thing involving a secret police gang.
*The cop [https://www.thedailybeast.com/minneapolis-man-alleges-derek-chauvin-tried-to-kill-him-before-he-kneeled-on-george-floyd had shot another dude in the past] when it didn't seem necessary.
*Some businesses in the area in Minneapolis are man, but others, like [https://indianexpress.com/article/trending/trending-globally/gandhi-mahal-restaurant-minneapolis-george-floyd-6434319/ Gandhi Mahal] and [https://corporate.target.com/article/2020/05/supporting-communities-minnesota-beyond Target], seem to be taking the long-view on things and are responding well.
*The government released [https://www.cnn.com/2020/05/29/politics/flynn-kislyak-transcripts-sent-to-congress/index.html transcripts of Gen. Flynn's phone calls] with Russian ambassador Sergei Kislyak, and they aren't great.
*Alex claims that the Rothschilds own The Economist, and use it to give out marching orders to their minions. The reality is that [https://www.politico.eu/article/agnellis-rothschilds-close-in-on-economist-magazine-sale-pearson/ the Economist's ownership is pretty complicated].
*Alex's friend from Blackwater was named in [https://www.wired.com/2012/07/blackwater-lawsuit/ a lawsuit alleging he falsified testing about contractors]. He was also [https://www.texastacticaltraininginstitute.com/pages/our-team with Blackwater from 2004-2012], so Alex should totally hate him.
*Alex appears to have taken a claim that Xi Jinping admires Hitler from a book by Bill Gertz. Gertz was recently fired by the Washington Free Beacon because [https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/rosiegray/a-conservative-journalist-admitted-to-taking-100000-from he took undisclosed payment from someone he covered]. This person happened to be the same person who [https://fortune.com/2018/12/18/stone-infowars-spread-lies-chinese-billionaire/ sued Roger Stone a while back for $100 million].
*Alex claims that Omar Jimenez, the CNN reporter who got arrested on air, was arrested because he was an operative running the protest behind the scenes. [https://www.cnn.com/2020/05/29/us/minneapolis-cnn-crew-arrested/index.html This is nonsense]. There are many incidents happening that [https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8373001/Journalist-left-blind-one-eye-shot-rubber-bullet-Minneapolis-protest.html imply a targeting of journalist]s by police.
*Alex has heard that [https://www.kare11.com/article/news/local/george-floyd/minnneapolis-leaders-speak-on-riots-george-floyd/89-8dfdf050-39ef-4af8-8f00-0b0074df8fe2 some officials were saying that the protesters in Minneapolis were almost all from out of state]. An [https://www.kare11.com/article/news/investigations/kare-11-investigates-records-show-arrests-mostly-minnesotans-as-george-floyd-protests-riots-continue-minneapolis-st-paul/89-73f3e0e8-0664-41d5-8d3e-4467d04da7cb analysis of people arrested over the course of the protests] seems to contradict these claims and some officials have walked their comments back.
*Claims are made that George Floyd overdosed on cocaine. This is a misrepresentation of the [https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/6933246-Derek-Chauvin-Complaint.html preliminary coroner's report], combined with reports that [https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8366533/George-Floyd-moved-Minneapolis-start-new-life-released-prison-Texas.html Floyd was arrested in 2005 with under a gram of cocaine].
*Alex uses black and white crime statistics, devoid of context, to try to dispute the point of the protests across the country. This is completely unrelated to the topic at hand, and is [https://www.splcenter.org/20180614/biggest-lie-white-supremacist-propaganda-playbook-unraveling-truth-about-%E2%80%98black-white-crime a standard tactic of the white supremacist community].
*Alex discusses a Twitter video someone posted saying that bricks were put somewhere to be used in a protest. The claims made in this video are not substantiated, but Alex is repeating them as if they are.
*Alex lies about a guy in Dallas who got beat up by protesters. Alex claims that he was beat up because he was white, when in reality, he was beaten up because [https://dfw.cbslocal.com/2020/05/31/victim-assault-video-dallas-confronted-protesters-machete-protect-neighborhood-police-say/amp/?__twitter_impression=true he was charging people with a machete].
*Alex reports on a QAnon conspiracy theory about MN Gov. Walz's daughter secretly commanding Antifa through her Twitter account.
*Millie Weaver shows up with a very confusing conspiracy theory that Alex doesn't seem to understand or care for.

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
