{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0440:June 1-2, 2020
}}{{Episode
    | title             = June 1-2, 2020
    | caption           = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/440-june-1-2-2020 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/31P5cwyXYEXSXmy0uu71DJ Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/440: June 1-2, 2020|Unofficial Transcript]]
    | episodeNumber     = 440
    | length            = 01:50:31
    | airDate           = June 3, 2020
    | coverageStartDate = June 1, 2020
    | coverageEndDate   = June 2, 2020
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[Jack Dorsey]], [[George Soros]], [[George Floyd]], [[Savannah Hernandez]], [[Bill Gates]], [[Rex Jones]], [[Alan Keyes]], [[Millie Weaver]]
    | beverage          = Recess CBD bevs Pomegranate Hibiscus; Recess CBD bevs Peach Ginger
    | previousEpisode   = [[439: May 29-31, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[441: June 3-4, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan continue to track the abhorrent behavior of [[Alex Jones]] in the present day. In this installment, Alex is accused of burning a mattress, Alex and his staff make peace with military arresting citizens for breaking curfew, and Dan abuses Jordan with more fun drops.

==Tidbits==

*[[The Year of the Seltzer|Year of Seltzer]] Update: 96/500
*Recess CBD bevs Pomegranate Hibiscus 77/100
*Recess CBD bevs Peach Ginger 23/100
*Twitter accuses Alex of staging mattress fire, says Alex
*Globalists are staging a deathblow because we are weak
*Alex knows how the globalists are going to break us
*[[Jack Dorsey]] is scientifically evil... ad pivot
*Germany says covid 19 is a false alarm
*Of course antifa is a terrorist group, look at the Soros Contracts
*Dem governors and mayors are endorsing the protests
*Head for the hills, we're in the House of War
*Alex is mentally prepared for his kids to die
*Cops cucked themselves by kneeling to black protestors
*InfoWars article: Floyd has white powder
*Alex researched [[George Floyd]]
*Alex knew this was coming
*Savannah Hernandez: don't resist arrest
*[[Bill Gates]] is delivering bricks
*Rex Jones beats up a looter
*George Floyd deserved to die because fentanyl
*Why don't they talk about the dead cops?
*Alex has value, you're a useless eater
*[[Mark Zuckerberg|Zuckerberg]] works for Gates, Gates works for Satan... ad pivot
*Susan Rice says Russia is behind the protests
*Guest: Alan Keyes
*Alan: President is commander in chief of the militias
*Just arrest antifa and Hillary
*Alan: This isn't about democracy
*Alan: don't interrupt me
*Time for war! Politically!
*The FBI takes over everyone's phones
*Alex double checked and verified the bricks
*Hey globalists! Kill yourselves!
*Millie is back with more bullshit
*Millie has a mole in the Sunrise movement
*Masks for covid 19 is an antifa plot
*Fortune cookies are great programming
*Millie celebrates the police state
*Kushner is deep state
*How does race memory handle abortion?
*Alex interviews Rex, sings "We love our Somalis"

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan discuss Alex Jones' descent into acceptance of military police arresting protesters for being out past curfew, which seems counter to any number of films called "Police State" that he sold earlier in his career.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/6/3/episode-440-june-1-2-2020 Episode 440: June 1-2, 2020]</ref>

Topics covered include:

*Alex and Infowars have been accused of setting fire to a mattress owned by a man experiencing homelessness. There doesn't appear to be any proof that Alex or anyone from Infowars did this, and Dan discusses how making this accusation without proof is a detrimental strategy.
*Alex reports on a video he claims shows George Floyd dropping a bag of white powder while in police custody. The video is inconclusive, and Alex cannot prove that this is a bag of white powder, or even that Floyd dropped anything. (Not going to link to Alex's site, but you can find the video on his sites)
*Alex claims to have researched Floyd, but seems to have missed the part about [https://www.christianitytoday.com/news/2020/may/george-floyd-ministry-houston-third-ward-church.html his involvement in ministry].
*Alex's employee Savannah Hernandez expresses a position that if you don't resist arrest, police won't kill you. This is particularly dumb, considering [https://www.motherjones.com/crime-justice/2020/05/breonna-taylor-is-one-of-a-shocking-number-of-black-people-to-see-armed-police-barge-into-their-homes/ the case of Breonna Taylor], and this kind of position is absolutely counter to everything Infowars supposedly stands for.
*Alex claims that Acme Brick is setting up pallets of bricks for protesters to use around the country. He claims that Acme is owned by Bill Gates. The [https://brick.com/history-acme-brick history of the ownership of the company] is complicated, but ultimately it [https://www.berkshirehathaway.com/news/jun2000.html has been a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway since 2000].
*Alex found the narrative about Acme Brick from a random QAnon twitter account named Elyse Cane. Elyse in no way proves that Acme Brick is dropping off bricks, and Alex can in no way demonstrate this claim.
*A new [https://www.newsweek.com/george-floyd-was-fentanyl-medical-examiner-says-experts-dispute-cause-death-1507982 release] from [https://www.nytimes.com/article/george-floyd-autopsy-michael-baden.html the Hennepin County Medical Examiner] has claimed that George Floyd had fentanyl in his system. Alex exaggerates this. There is uncertainty surrounding the various autopsies, but they all say it was murder.
*[https://www.kmov.com/news/4-st-louis-police-officers-shot-during-violent-protests-downtown/article_d8af5b24-a494-11ea-879e-bfa4a029a5ac.html 4 cops were shot in St. Louis], and [https://www.cbsnews.com/news/las-vegas-police-officer-shot-head/ one in Las Vegas]. Alex covers these stories, but refuses to acknowledge that [https://www.cnn.com/2020/06/01/us/louisville-protests-man-shot-dead/index.html a restaurateur was killed by cops in Louisville], and countless instances of police brutality were experienced by protesters around the country.
*[[Millie Weaver]] breaks a new scoop about having a mole inside the Sunrise Movement, but doesn't reveal anything interesting. Apparently, that is coming eventually.
*Millie also thinks that protesters become terrorists just by staying out past curfew. Something tells me she would not be a big fan of various instances of nonviolent resistance over history.
*Alex has his son on the show to discuss how he beat up someone at a convenience store.
*Alan Keys drops by to advocate for [[Donald Trump|Trump]] calling up citizens to form militias. He also thinks Trump should deputize people.

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
