{{Episode
    | title             = June 3-4, 2020
    | caption           = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/441-june-3-4-2020 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber     = 441
    | length            = 01:43:26
    | airDate           = June 5, 2020
    | coverageStartDate = June 3, 2020
    | coverageEndDate   = June 4, 2020
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[Tom Speciale]], [[Laura Loomer]], [[Ivanka Trump]], [[Robert Kennedy Jr]], [[Bill Barr]], [[Hotep Jesus]]
    | previousEpisode   = [[440: June 1-2, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[442: June 5, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan keep up with the current goings-on in the world of Alex Jones. In this installment, Alex interviews a couple doomed Congressional candidates, decides that Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump are Democrats and villains, and treads water with his anti-Antifa (pro-fa?) narratives.

==Tidbits==

*Alex is upset that military hasn't been sent in
*Don't go outside after dark
*Let's watch a video of someone dying
*Guest: guy who yells at city council, Tom Speciale
*We're out of time, globalists are making the final move
*The party's over
*There's no antifa
*They're blaming the mattress on REx
*Tom: Alex provides great information
*Tom: If you like Jim Jordan, you'll love me
*Guest: Laura Loomer for Congress in Florida
*Alex doesn't want a police state... ad pivot
*Ted Cruz takes Rosenstein to the woodshed
*Ivanka is deep state
*Trump holding a bible sparked a war on religion
*Robert Kennedy Jr Vaccine bullshit
*Alex unironically talks about Tiananmen Square
*We're under artificial martial law
*CNN wants human sacrifice
*Boogaloo Boys are part of a left-wing branch of the FBI
*Bill Barr is boring, lets talk about robot cops
*All protestors hate America
*False flags are coming
*Guest: Hotep Jesus
*Donate to Hotep nation
*Hotep: riots kill coronavirus
*Alex: There's always going to be bad cop footage
*BLM spikes in election years according to Google Trends
*Hotep: Hillary is testifying on September 9 because of 9/11
*Alex undercuts Hotep Jesus's Starbucks video
*Hotep Jesus tiptoes around antisemitism
*Alex is eating during the interview
*Alex offers Hotep Jesus a job

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan discuss a couple of days in the middle of a very eventful week, and see how Alex Jones tries to deal with things.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/6/7/episode-441-june-3-4-2020 Episode 441: June 3-4, 2020]</ref>

Topics covered include:

*Alex interviews Tom Speciale and Laura Loomer, who are both fringe candidates who are most likely destined to lose their Republican primaries. Going on Infowars isn't going to help their campaigns.
*Alex claims there are no right-wingers who are trying to infiltrate or impersonate antifa in order to make people scared of left-wing protesters. This is incorrect, since there is [https://www.fastcompany.com/90512186/white-nationalists-are-using-fake-antifa-twitter-accounts-to-disrupt-protests at least one concrete example of the American Identity Movement making a fake antifa Twitter account] to scare people and demonize protesters.
*Alex plays a clip of Ted Cruz yelling at Rod Rosenstein, but cuts the clip off before Rosenstein has a chance to respond. You can find the transcript [https://www.rev.com/blog/transcripts/rod-rosenstein-testimony-transcript-on-russia-investigation here].
*Alex and Laura Loomer pretend that people were offended that Trump held a Bible. In reality, people, including [https://www.cnn.com/2020/06/02/politics/gini-gerbasi-trump-church-cnntv/index.html Episcopal ministers] and [https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2020/jun/02/outrageous-christian-leaders-reject-trump-use-of-church-as-prop-during-george-floyd-protests bishops], were offended that Trump tear-gassed protesters to clear out the front of a church for a photo-op.
*Alex embellishes [https://www.statnews.com/2020/05/26/moderna-vaccine-candidate-trial-participant-severe-reaction/ the story of Ian Haydon], the Covid-19 vaccine volunteer who had an adverse reaction to the vaccine.
*Alex pretends that the stand-off at Tienanmen Square just happened, as opposed to it being the culmination of a student movement that he would almost certainly have been against if he was around back then.
*Alex interviews Hotep Jesus, who [https://www.rightwingwatch.org/post/right-wing-media-promote-an-anti-semitic-extremist-to-mock-starbucks-controversy/ seems to have some problems with Jews] and [https://www.thedailybeast.com/turning-point-usa-courts-activist-who-said-jews-want-the-destruction-of-the-black-community may be a bit of a Holocaust denier].
*Chris Redd has set up a GoFundMe to help support any protesters who may contract Covid-19 at the protests. [https://www.gofundme.com/f/covid19-protest-relief-fund/ Feel free to chip in].

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
