{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0443:June 9, 2020
}}{{Episode
    | title           = June 9, 2020
    | caption         = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/443-june-9-2020 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/7Eg3HkwcuUK5J9v0HzuEAb Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/443: June 9, 2020|Unofficial Transcript]], View discussion on [https://reddit.com/h04aio Reddit]
    | episodeNumber   = 443
    | length          = 01:15:19
    | airDate         = June 10, 2020
    | coverageDate    = June 9, 2020
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance      = [[George Floyd]], [[Mike Pence]], [[Pete Buttigieg]], [[Steve Pieczenik]], [[Elon Musk]]
    | beverage        = Petal Elderberry White Tea Flower
    | previousEpisode = [[442: June 5, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[We'll Be Back On Monday]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan discuss Alex Jones' half-day shift on his show from Tuesday. In this installment, Alex floats a weird Kennedy assassination theory and attempts to find some reformed leftists in his audience to call in to the show.

==Tidbits==

*[[The Year of the Seltzer|Year of Seltzer]] update: 104/500
*Petal Elderberry White Tea Flower
*Alex wants to take 3 hours worth of calls
*Antifa is throwing themselves in front of cars to recreate Charlottesville
*Alex explains why he's been out... buy atomic iodine
*Alex is performing well for having dental work that morning
*Alex schools CIA people on 7277
*Alex explains the Kennedy assassination
*Alex wants to talk to people who don't exist
*[[George Floyd]] is the patron saint of the left
*Protestor shoots driver in head
*Caller: I'm a leftist. I stopped protesting in 2003
*Caller: I'm a leftist, but fuck Occupy Wallstreet
*Caller: I voted for Obama, but I've watched Endgame 20 times because of Benghazi
*Why can't scam GoFundMe pages get more money?
*Caller makes good points, Alex eats a sandwich
*Trump wants to give black businesses a 10 year tax break
*I'll eat so I don't interrupt you
*Caller: Where's Firepower News?
*Caller: Pence has been to nice to Buttigieg... Alex is still eating
*New ad pitch: X2 with atomic iodine
*Guest: [[Steve Pieczenik]]
*Steve is Meh
*Steve: These protests are a parody of agitation propaganda
*Steve: not enough fires
*Steve: George Floyd deserved to die
*Steve: Alan Sharpton is a deep state leader
*Steve: don't correct the president
*Steve: bring back Lockheed Martin and the military industrial complex
*Steve: Trump gets things done
*Steve: [[Donald Trump|Trump]] started space war
*Musk is 3d printing a secret moon base

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan discuss Alex's half-shift at the job.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/6/10/episode-443-june-9-2020 Episode 443: June 9, 2020]</ref>

Topics covered include:

*Alex believes that protesters are throwing themselves on cars in an attempt to recreate the events of the Unite the Right rally. This is nonsense, and over the weekend, a man in Seattle [https://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/crime/man-shot-after-gunman-drives-car-into-capitol-hill-protesters/ drove into a crowd of protesters], and [https://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/crime/gunman-accused-of-driving-into-george-floyd-protesters-and-shooting-a-man-held-on-investigation-of-assault/ then shot at them]. Alex is trying to provide cover for people attempting to hurt and kill protesters.
*Alex speculates that JFK was killed possibly because he supported disarming the American people. This is absurd. Alex discusses a CIA page referencing [https://famguardian.org/Subjects/GunControl/Law/freedom-from-war-state-dept-pub-7277.pdf Memorandum 7277], which is just a reading room entry that includes [https://www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/CIA-RDP88-01315R000300540023-8.pdf a newsletter from the Minutemen about the memo]. It means nothing.
*Alex discusses the case of James Marshall. You can find the video of him apparently shooting a man in a car [https://krdo.com/news/2020/06/06/video-shows-moments-surrounding-alamosa-protest-shooting/ here].
*Alex tries to take calls from "former leftists" or "former antifa members" who have woken up. This doesn't really work out.
*Alex complains that GoFundMe pages for David Dorn aren't making enough money, but as the [https://www.foxnews.com/us/st-louis-police-fake-gofundme-george-floyd-riots-david-dorn St. Louis police] and [https://kmox.radio.com/articles/news/scam-fake-gofundme-accounts-made-for-man-killed-by-looters St. Louis media] have reported, these are unauthorized fundraisers that they family is not involved in. They are scams, but Alex has no idea what he's talking about. Also, the Dorn family [https://backstoppers.org/assistance-to-the-family-of-capt-ret-david-dorn/ received $50,000 from BackStoppers].
*Steve Pieczenik thinks that [[Al Sharpton]]'s name is Alan. It is not. It's Alfred.
*Steve Pieczenik thinks that there have been no US rocket launches in the US in the last 40 years. This is [https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/shuttle/shuttlemissions/sts135/launch/sts-135_mission-overview.html absolutely not true].

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
