{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0444:June 11, 2020
}}{{Episode
    | title           = June 11, 2020
    | caption         = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/444-june-11-2020 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/3vMJ19NINAaGBjBJAAEPFC Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/444: June 11, 2020|Unofficial Transcript]], View discussion on [https://reddit.com/h98ijg Reddit]
    | episodeNumber   = 444
    | length          = 01:37:16
    | airDate         = June 15, 2020
    | coverageDate    = June 11, 2020
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance      = [[Erin Olszewski]], [[Raz Simone]], [[Bill Gates]], [[Alex Pinkney]]
    | previousEpisode = [[We'll Be Back On Monday]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[445: June 12, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan discuss a troubling day on The Alex Jones Show. In this installment, Alex becomes obsessed with a new video a nurse put out pushing Covid-19 conspiracies, declares that a "warlord" has taken over most of a US city, and Dan gets confused by InfoWars editing decisions.

==Tidbits==

*Top Story: NY undercover nurse says covid 19 is criminal hoax
*Erin Olszewski background
*Alex calls for people to hang
*100s of doctors are saying covid 19 is fake
*Alex is mixing his narratives
*Vaccines kill 50% of premature babies
*CHAZ is run by an African warlord
*Raz Simone is antiva's god
*Something was cut out of Alex's feed for no reason
*Globalists are corrupting doctors on Bill Gates's orders
*Rehasing covid 19 bullshit
*Bill Gates went on Colbert and said covid 19 is a drill
*Globalists have nightmares about Alex
*Congress wants to harvest babies
*Knowledge Fight Bible Study: Suffer the little ones or I'll kill your ass
*Alex mocks the idea of 2nd wave
*Blue states are killing nursing homes with pneumonia and flu
*Luscious cashies
*Republicans couln't come up with a scheme like bundled payments, except they did
*Stolen valor by proxy
*Delay that
*Fuck the New World Order
*Psychic vampires don't just rape children
*Having a black leader is virtue signaling
*Guest: Alex Pinkney, former Black Panther
*Alex is cool with the original Black Panthers
*BLM hits man with statue

==Notable Bits==

*Knowledge Fight Bible Study
*Luscious cashies

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan discuss a troubling day on the Alex Jones Show where Alex is obsessed with a new video a nurse released about how Covid-19 is not real.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/6/23/episode-444-june-11-2020 Episode 444: June 11, 2020]</ref>

*The nurse who made the video in question, Marie Olszewski, has [https://opencorporates.com/companies/us_fl/N18000011610 founded multiple] [http://search.sunbiz.org/Inquiry/corporationsearch/SearchResultDetail?aggregateId=flal-l18000284117-c6d5c74a-e3f5-43e0-951b-d31ed09050dc&directionType=ForwardList&inquirytype=EntityName&listNameOrder=MYNTMOBILEYACHTSERVICES%20L190000529230&searchNameOrder=MYNURSEADVOCATE%20L180002841170&searchTerm=MYNT%20ALIGNMENT%20LLC anti-vax organizations] and [https://vaccinesworkblog.wordpress.com/2018/10/26/mrs-antivaxer-goes-to-atlanta/ made regular] [https://www.blogtalkradio.com/freedomizerradio/2018/11/12/forsaken-generation-on-with-erin-marie-rn media appearances] about the evils of vaccines in the past.
*Olszewski also has a tell-all book that is [https://www.amazon.com/Undercover-Epicenter-Nurse-Marie-Olszewski/dp/151076366X currently in pre-sales].
*There are many instances of attempted attacks or threats against hospitals recently. There was [https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/missouri-man-planned-bomb-hospital-during-pandemic-get-attention-white-n1172346 a bomb plot in Missouri] that was foiled, the New York man who [https://www.foxnews.com/us/ny-man-homemade-bombs-stony-brook showed up at Stony Book hospital with weapons] and homemade bombs, and hospitals in [https://chicago.suntimes.com/2020/6/11/21288777/uic-hospital-cleared-bomb-threat-taylor Chicago] and [https://napavalleyregister.com/news/local/authorities-bomb-threat-phoned-to-st-helena-hospital-no-device-found/article_bbecb982-e1f1-54bd-a03d-bb3ca025b12c.html Napa Valley] that had to be evacuated after threats.
*The Seattle Coronavirus Assessment Network is [https://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/health/seattles-coronavirus-surveillance-program-resumes-after-being-shut-down-by-the-fda/ back up and running], despite Alex's claims that they were shut down for fraud, which they were not.
*There are many accounts of medical professionals at the same hospital where Erin Olszewski worked, Elmhurst Hospital, who [https://zdoggmd.com/elmhurst-hospital/ do not have nice things to say about her].
*Prematurely born babies are at [https://www.verywellfamily.com/vaccines-in-premature-babies-2748584 a greater need for vaccines], and [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4685684/ research has not shown most vaccines to be any increased danger] for non-full term births.
*Alex accuses Seattle rapper Raz Simone of being an "African warlord" in the Seattle Autonomous Zone. This is just an expression of Alex's racism.
*Alex thinks a second wave of the coronavirus is coming, when in reality, most experts [https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2020/06/12/876224115/coronavirus-second-wave-nope-were-still-stuck-in-the-first-one don't think we've even actually made it through the first wave]. There are [https://projects.propublica.org/reopening-america/ many states] where cases are spiking.
*Alex discusses a man who was hit by a statue at a Portsmouth, VA protest. He misses [https://www.pilotonline.com/news/vp-nw-man-injured-20200611-3mp5z4smffanni7qr4dxkpja34-story.html a lot of the details] though.

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
