{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0445:June 12, 2020
}}{{Episode
    | title           = June 12, 2020
    | caption         = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/445-june-12-2020 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber   = 445
    | length          = 01:13:28
    | airDate         = June 15, 2020
    | coverageDate    = June 12, 2020
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance      = [[Joe Biden]], [[Phil Mudd]], [[John Bolton]], [[Dr Samuel Mudd]], [[Robert E Lee]], [[George Washington]], [[Lee Stranahan]], [[Steve Pieczenik]]
    | oocDrop         = Imagine being in an orgy with John Bolton, trying to get a hardon
    | previousEpisode = [[444: June 11, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[446: The Super Alpha Male Championship]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan discuss how last week ended on the Alex Jones Show. In this installment, Alex is convinced that a coup was announced on The Daily Show, reveals that he doesn't know anything about the Lincoln assassination, and Dan imagines what Alex's conversation with the Secret Service was like.

==Tidbits==

*Biden announces a coup
*Alex debunks himself
*Phil Mudd revisited
*Dramatic Reading: Alex briefing secret service
*Phil Mudd inpsired all action against Trump
*Alex hates John Bolton now
*Phil Mudd is related to Dr Samuel Mudd... maybe
*Alex felt a psychic energy burst atr 8:30 am
*Turd Blossom isn't an insult
*Robert E Lee statue in studio
*Everyone loved Robert E Lee
*George Washington adopted Robert E Lee
*Discussion: Robert E Lee is a monster
*Chinese are going to kill talk radio hosts and Ron Paul
*Alex cares about Uyghur Muslims when it's convenient
*Tim Cook is gay
*Celebrities are fake
*Alex Jones Karaoke: Salt Shaker
*Guest: Lee Stranahan
*Alex eats during interview
*Lee streams a new show on Twitter
*Guest: Steve Pieczenik
*Steve victory laps on John Bolton
*Steve: Bolton did orgies with Trump
*Lee: Posobiec and Cernovich are working with Bannon to destroy you, Alex
*Steve verbal blowjobs Alex
*Lee: Trump needs to pardon Manafort and Stone

==Notable Bits==

*Dramatic reading
*Alex Jones Karaoke

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan discuss the day after Alex Jones was obsessed about a video a nurse put out claiming doctors were killing Covid-19 patients. He seems to have completely forgotten about it already.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/6/23/episode-445-june-12-2020 Episode 445: June 12, 2020]</ref>

Topics covered include:

*Alex believes that [https://www.forbes.com/sites/jackbrewster/2020/06/11/biden-warns-trump-may-try-to-steal-election/#18f54aa548c4 Joe Biden has announced a coup] against Trump while being a guest on the Daily Show.
*Dan unveils a sketch he wrote about Alex's interview with the Secret Service.
*Dan and Jordan argue about whether "turd blossom" is a compliment or insult.
*Alex thinks that Samuel Mudd was the only person other than John Wilkes Booth to be convicted in the assassination of Lincoln. This is very not true.
*Alex talks a lot about how great Robert E Lee was. He was not great, [https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/06/the-myth-of-the-kindly-general-lee/529038/ he was a piece of shit].

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
