{{Episode
    | title           = The Super Alpha Male Championship
    | caption         = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/446-the-super-alpha-male-championship Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber   = 446
    | length          = 01:20:10
    | airDate         = June 19, 2020
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance      = [[Owen Shroyer]]
    | beverage        = San Pelegrino Essenza Blood Orange Black Raspberry; San Pelegrino Essenza Lemon and Lemon Zest; San Pelegrino Essenza Tangerine and Wild Strawberry; Pur Aqua White Grape
    | oocDrop         = Yes, I did just legdrop Alex from the top of the news desk
    | previousEpisode = [[445: June 12, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[447: Bill Cooper Covers OKC Part 2]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan ease back into the recording with a bit of a wacky Infowars outing. In this installment, Owen Shroyer found a replica WWE championship belt and decides to hold an office-wide push-up contest, which of course Alex has to derail.

==Tidbits==

*June 12 on The War Room
*Raptor Princess: Industrial Robot
*Year of Seltzer Update: 128/500
*San Pelegrino Essenza Blood Orange Black Raspberry 78/100
*San Pelegrino Essenza Lemon and Lemon Zest 78/100
*San Pelegrino Essenza Tangerine and Wild Strawberry 79/100
*Pur Aqua White Grape 50/100
*Owen has a WWE Championship belt
*Discussion: WWE belts and tag team New Day
*Owen announces a pushup contest, sponsored by super male vitality
*Owen cuts a promo
*How to promo
*Owen is boring garbage
*Owen advises shooting your way into a hospital
*Alex bursts in to do drunken pushups
*Alex does not know how to act
*Humor = racism
*The belt was probably made in China
*Alex dances like a democrat
*Humor = gay jokes
*No one will help put the belt on Alex
*humor = poop jokes
*Alex does shitty pushups
*Owen leg drops Alex
*Alex is defeated, but comes back to get revenge
*Dr Owen chokes out a whitey

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan discuss Owen Shroyer's attempt at a fun WWE-style push up contest.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/6/23/episode-446-the-super-alpha-male-championship Episode 446: The Super Alpha Male Championship]</ref>

Topics covered include:

*Owen doesn't realize that he's using a tag team belt for an individual competition, which makes no sense. The current holders of that belt are The New Day, who are one of the most important black groups in WWE history.
*Dan discusses how Owen's attempt at cutting a wrestling promo about the contest is a failure, by juxtaposing it with two classic promos.
*Alex bum-rushes Owen's show to try to steal the belt, which leads to a fake fight, and ultimately Owen pretending to murder Alex by strangulation. Alex is clearly very impaired, and it's embarrassing all around.

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]