{{Episode
    | title             = June 21-22, 2020
    | caption           = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/448-june-21-22-2020 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber     = 448
    | length            = 01:46:29
    | airDate           = June 24, 2020
    | coverageStartDate = June 21, 2020
    | coverageEndDate   = June 22, 2020
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[Geoffrey Berman]], [[Brad Parscale]], [[Anthony Fauci]], [[Joe Biden]], [[G Edward Griffin]]
    | previousEpisode   = [[447: Bill Cooper Covers OKC Part 2]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[449: June 23-24, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan discuss Alex Jones' triumphant (horrible) return to studio after his vacation. In this installment, Alex insists that Trump's Tulsa rally was actually a big success, gets really sloppy about making up details about stories, and repeatedly prays for the deaths of his imagined enemies.

==Tidbits==

*Alex is back in studio
*Alex can see from the Luciferian perspective
*There are no human races, just breeds
*Tulsa was an extreme victory
*Alex knew Berman was going to get fired
*Alex talks about child abuse poorly
*University of Hildesheim report
*Kentler project
*When there is no law, God will tell you it's time to kill
*ChiComms used TikTok to disrupt teh rally
*Covid 19 scared Trump supporters away
*Trump deserves a participation trophy for holding a rally
*Fuck Brad Parscale
*Alex's True Story: Beach vacation conversations
*Fauci released HIV
*How to beat lockdown: gurgly screams
*Pray for God to punish Fauci, Obama, and Hillary
*Covid 19 is bad, but what about starvation?
*Cannery workers are forced into quarantine for months to practice martial law
*Fauci doesn't cite sources about vaccines
*Alex Jones Karaoke: Creeping death
*AP and Reuters report on Luciferian One World Government march
*Trump rally bullshit clip
*Biden called travel ban xenophobic
*Alex is ready for violence
*Alex is pissed InfoWars watermark is removed form G Edward Griffin video
*Big Story: End of humanity is putting your brain in a computer
*Alex exaggerates his child abuse story
*Alex wants to join Team Q
*Caller: Time to dump Trump

==Notable Bits==

*Alex's True Story
*Alex Jones Karaoke

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan discuss Alex's return to the studio after a week off, which was apparently spent on vacation at the Gulf of Mexico.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/6/23/episode-448-june-21-22-2020 Episode 448: June 21-22, 2020]</ref>

Topics covered include:

*In an attempt to sound not racist, Alex says there are no races of humans, but there are breeds. This is way more racist, and scientifically [https://evolution-outreach.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s12052-019-0109-y makes no sense].
*Alex claims he had advance knowledge of [https://www.npr.org/2020/06/20/881148365/geoffrey-berman-u-s-attorney-who-prosecuted-trump-allies-says-he-wont-quit Trump's plan to fire SDNY prosecutor Geoffrey Berman]. If he's not lying, he may end up having to testify about that.
*Alex discusses the story about homeless German children being given to pedophile foster parents. This is [https://www.dw.com/en/germany-allowed-pedophiles-to-foster-children/a-53839291 a real story], and a serious matter, but Alex's version of it does not match any available information.
*This story has been [https://www.irishtimes.com/life-and-style/health-family/germany-s-secret-paedophilia-experiment-1.2897942 reported as far back as 2016], but there is new information available now, after the release of a report by the University of Hildesheim ([https://hildok.bsz-bw.de/frontdoor/index/index/searchtype/latest/docId/1092/start/0/rows/1 German]/[https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar?as_sdt=0%2C14&as_yhi=2020&as_ylo=2020&hl=en&q=cache%3Aled2SuL_HqsJ%3Ascholar.google.com%2F English])
*Alex claims the children affected were taken from their mostly Christian parents, but none of the available information supports that, and he has not demonstrated it at all.
*Alex claims that this was happening all around Western Germany, but in reality, the reports available are all about West Berlin. Berlin is in the East of Germany.
*Alex desperately tries to pretend that Trump's rally was a huge victory and the turn-out would have been great if not for the sabotage of the internet teens, who were working for the Democrats.
*[https://www.cnn.com/2020/06/22/politics/two-staffers-coronavirus-trump-rally/index.html Two Trump staffers who were at his Tulsa rally] have tested positive for the coronavirus since the rally. This brings the total of confirmed cases just in Trump's staff for the Tulsa rally to 8.
*Alex claims that Dr. Fauci released HIV. The first human case [https://www.theaidsinstitute.org/education/aids-101/where-did-hiv-come-0#:~:text=The%20earliest%20known%20case%20of,became%20infected%20is%20not%20known.) traces back to 1959], when Fauci was 19.
*Trump said at his rally that he asked his administration to slow down Covid-19 testing. His spokesperson then said he said that in jest. Then [https://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2020/06/23/donald-trump-i-dont-kid-contradicts-officials-joke-bash-crn-sot-vpx.cnn Trump said he wasn't joking]. Trump has a deep [https://thehill.com/homenews/administration/497846-trump-says-testing-may-be-frankly-overrated history of being opposed to testing], reportedly because [https://www.rollingstone.com/politics/politics-news/trump-coronavirus-testing-reelection-966872/ he doesn't like how high numbers make him look bad].
*Alex constantly prays for God's vengeance to be enacted on his enemies. Alex often talks about how his listeners can be instruments of God's vengeance, so it's pretty easy to see this as him begging his audience to kill his enemies.
*Alex lies about a story involving 150 cannery workers who [https://ktla.com/news/local-news/150-cannery-workers-are-in-forced-quarantine-at-l-a-hotel-without-pay-suit-claims/ were held at an LA hotel] without pay due to coronavirus quarantine. The story is about a company mistreating migrant labor, but Alex reports it as a story about California Gov. Newsom being evil.
*Alex reports on a troll Facebook page called Disciples of Lucifer, who had made a bunch of events for fake marches to create a One World Government in various cities. They did this back in Feb. 2019, and no marches ever seem to have materialized. In 2019, [https://texarkanafyi.com/only-christians-show-up-for-planned-luciferian-march-in-texarkana/ folks showed up in Texarkana] to counter-protest the non-existent march, and [https://ranchmatterscrr.com/luciferian-march-salem-oregon/ people in Salem] did the same thing this year.
*Trump claimed that Biden apologized to him for saying that the travel ban from China was xenophobic. This apology [https://www.statesman.com/news/20200505/fact-check-did-biden-send-trump-apology-letter-over-china-ban never happened], and neither did [https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/mar/27/donald-trump/fact-checking-whether-biden-called-trump-xenophobi/ Biden calling the ban that].
*Alex gets freaked out by a [https://www.wsj.com/articles/looking-forward-to-the-end-of-humanity-11592625661 Wall Street Journal article about transhumanism] that he didn't read. He just spends his time on air making up stuff about the article.

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
