{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0449:June 23-24, 2020
}}{{Episode
    | title             = June 23-24, 2020
    | caption           = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/449-june-23-24-2020 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/4fvCqwKfHzcIjDKCntOsAO Spotify]
    | episodeNumber     = 449
    | length            = 01:27:27
    | airDate           = June 26, 2020
    | coverageStartDate = June 23, 2020
    | coverageEndDate   = June 24, 2020
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[Gavin McInnes]], [[Zach McElroy]], [[James O'Keefe]], [[Gavin Newsom]], [[Jay Dyer]], [[Arthur Koestler]], [[Bubba Wallace]], [[Carpe Donktum]], [[Bonnie Cutler]]
    | previousEpisode   = [[448: June 21-22, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[450: June 25-26, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan check in on a very exhausting couple days on The Alex Jones Show. In this installment, Alex tries to launch a distasteful and racist national movement destined for failure, decides he now hates Gov. Abbott, and consoles two of his friends who've recently lost their social media.

==Tidbits==

*Year of Seltzer Update: 152/500
*Alex rolls out "We Can't Breathe" movement
*Hollywood is collapsing as pedophiles are outed... ad pivot
*Guest: Gavin McInnes
*Gavin started his own video site, censored.tv
*Blackface is too dangerous
*Project Veritas video with Facebook whistleblower Zach McElroy
*Guest: Zack McElroy
*Guest: James O'Keefe
*James: FB created Congnizant to hide their bias
*Mask waivers
*Gavin Newsome is the new governor of Texas
*Brown people are exempt from wearing masks
*Guest: Alex Jones clone, Jay Dyer
*Book: Ghost in the Shell by Arthur Koestler
*Bubba Wallace wants attention
*Alex falls for mask exemption card
*Guest: Carpe Donktum, kicked off Twitter
*Guest: Bonnie Cutler, won't wear a mask, got fired
*Alex goes socialist
*banned.video censors content

==References==

*Ghost in the Shell

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan discuss a couple episodes of the Alex Jones Show, where Alex spends most of his time trying to console his friends who've been kicked off social media.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/6/25/episode-449-june-23-24-2020 Episode 449: June 23-24, 2020]</ref>

Topics covered include:

*Alex is trying to start a new national movement against mask-wearing called [https://wecantbreathe.news/ We Can't Breathe]. It's a disgraceful and racist idea, and is almost certainly going to be a giant failure. [http://wecantbreathe.org/ We Can't Breathe] is already the name of a community organization.
*Alex's movement seems to mostly about a march in Austin against mask-wearing. [https://dshs.texas.gov/coronavirus/additionaldata/ Covid-19 cases are currently exploding in Texas], so this is probably going to end poorly.
*Alex implies that the [https://pagesix.com/2020/06/23/steve-bing-suicide-spurred-by-money-drugs-and-mental-health-struggle/ recent death by suicide of producer Steve Bing] was somehow related to pedophilia. There is no evidence to support this claim.
*Alex interviews Gavin McInnes about how he got kicked off YouTube. It's very sad, and is mostly a plug for Gavin's depressing subscription site Censored Dot Tv.
*[https://twitter.com/goldsbie/status/1174767491261898753?lang=en Gavin McInnes has done blackface]. Also, he's written op-eds [https://www.fivefeetoffury.com/2014/03/07/gavin-mcinnes-whats-wrong-with-blackface/ defending blackface].
*Alex interviews James O'Keefe and his new "Facebook whistleblower" Zach McElroy. Zach actually worked for Cognizant, which is a different company, which Facebook contracted to do moderation work. All of the information Zach has revealed is inconclusive, and at worst implicates Cognizant, not necessarily Facebook.
*It was widely reported in late 2019 that [https://www.bbc.com/news/technology-50247540 Cognizant was stepping away from content moderation] on social media. They [https://www.crn.com/news/channel-programs/cognizant-laying-off-6-000-as-it-exits-content-moderation-business-linked-with-facebook laid off 6,000 employees], and much of the work is now done by [https://www.cnet.com/news/facebook-content-moderation-is-an-ugly-business-heres-who-does-it/ the many other companies who Facebook contracts], where Zach did not work.
*California does have [https://abc7.com/masks-face-coverings-order-statewide/6254439/ a number of exemptions] for certain people who are not required to wear masks.
*California was not the state that set a precedence about making rules for mask-wearing. [https://www.cnn.com/2020/06/19/us/states-face-mask-coronavirus-trnd/index.html The first state was New Jersey], back on April 8.
*[https://www.cnn.com/2020/06/24/us/oregon-county-people-of-color-mask-trnd/index.html Lincoln County in Oregon] had an exemption for people of color not having to wear masks. They were bombarded with complaints, and [https://www.statesmanjournal.com/story/news/2020/06/24/oregon-coronavirus-lincoln-county-mask-ordinance-covid-19/3247895001/ retracted that exemption].
*Arthur Koestler's book [https://archive.org/details/TheGhostInTheMachine/mode/2up The Ghost In The Machine] does not argue in favor of cannibalism and human sacrifice.
*Bubba Wallace [https://www.al.com/motorsports/2020/06/timeline-of-how-bubba-wallace-noose-was-found-and-reported.html did not report the noose] that was found in his garage. He only became aware of it after NASCAR officials were alerted to it.
*Alex got tricked by the [https://www.newsweek.com/face-mask-exemption-cards-fake-1513402 fake Mask Exemption Cards] that people were posting on social media. This was a fraud carried out by a group called the [https://web.archive.org/web/20200624214535/https://www.ftbagency.com/ Freedom To Breathe Agency], which isn't a real agency.
*Carpe Donktum is [https://forbes.com/sites/rachelsandler/2020/06/24/parents-to-sue-trump-meme-creator-carpe-donktum-over-manipulated-video-of-toddlers/#299ef8241e27 probably getting sued] by the parents of children that he used in a recently popular race-baiting meme that Trump retweeted.

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
