{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0450:June 25-26, 2020
}}{{Episode
    | title             = June 25-26, 2020
    | caption           = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/450-june-25-26-2020 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber     = 450
    | length            = 01:46:23
    | airDate           = June 29, 2020
    | coverageStartDate = June 25, 2020
    | coverageEndDate   = June 26, 2020
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[Bubba Wallace]], [[Agusto Pinochet]], [[Andrew Cuomo]], [[Anthony Fauci]], [[Clenard Childress]], [[George Floyd]], [[Hitler]], [[Margaret Sanger]], [[Joe Biden]], [[Melinda Gates]], [[Mary Ann Maxwell Gates]], [[G Edward Griffin]]
    | oocDrop           = I wanna depopulate you
    | previousEpisode   = [[449: June 23-24, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[451: June 29-30, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan check in on how last week ended on The Alex Jones Show. In this installment, Alex desperately tries to attack the idea of wearing masks, promotes his anti-mask rally, and gets humiliated by one of his anti-communist heroes.

==Tidbits==

*Dan may be done with Bill Cooper
*Masks will kill you! Look at this video!
*Alex lies about Bubba Wallace
*Alex's True Story: Mark Zuckerberg tried to recruit Alex
*Hospitals are killing you for money
*Alex is on the side of the virus
*CFR has Trump's hands tied
*Trump needs to take people for helicopter rides
*Pinochet helicopter ride explanation
*Trump needs to execute order 66 and kill the Jedi
*Just wait for the election
*Virtual DNC is to swap Hillary and Obama for Biden
*Cuomo and Fauci are murderers
*Alex is glad dumb dumbs are talking at city council
*God is the only solution
*Guest: Rev Clenard Childress, blackgenocide.com
*Childress: Covid and George Floyd are anti-Trump campaigns
*Childress has antifa info
*Childress has thoughts about BLM
*Childress talks about MLK
*Satan created BLM
*Childress: Hitler loved Margaret Sanger
*Alex teases return of Reverend Manning
*Not Christian? Too bad!
*Mega bombshell: masks spread covid 19
*Satan gave reopen organizer covid 19
*Gotcha Joe Biden!
*IQ is going down... ad pivot
*Don't your masks have valves?
*Melinda Gates says Covid 19 vaccine is targeted genocide
*Alex doesn't know who Bill Gates's mother is (Mary Ann Maxwell)
*Guest: really good caller, says covid 19 isn't real
*Guest: another FBI whistleblower
*Alex plugs WeCan'tBreathe rally
*Guest: G Edward Griffin, not a fan of Trump
*G: Globalists want Trump to win
*Alex invalidates everything, accidentally calls Trump Hitler
*Why no one should support Trump

==Notable Bits==

*Alex's True Story

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan discuss a couple days on The Alex Jones Show where Alex is trying very hard to demonize the idea of wearing masks to limit the spread of Covid-19.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/7/19/episode-450-june-25-26-2020 Episode 450: June 25-26, 2020]</ref>

Topics covered include:

*Alex has seen some viral videos purporting to show that wearing masks raises CO2 levels you're breathing to dangerous levels. This [https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/masks-dangerous-health/ has been debunked], and is kind of silly even just at face value. If wearing a mask for a short period of time had any legitimate health risks, there would be many activities that would be nearly impossible, like motorcycle trips or skiing.
*Alex rewrites the story of the noose that was found at Bubba Wallace's NASCAR garage in order to turn it into a story of a racism-hoax. His details of the story are inaccurate.
*Alex hand-waives the rising cases of Covid-19 in the US because there are not also sharply increasing death numbers. This does not take into account that deaths are a lagging indicator when it comes to health emergencies. Typically death numbers do not rise immediately, it takes a while after case numbers rise.
*Alex says that his enemies need to "go on helicopter rides," which is a reference to the way Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet would kill his political rivals. Pinochet has become a bit of a hero of the current fascist right-wing, mostly because they know they can't get away with wearing shirts that say "Hitler Did Nothing Wrong."
*Alex thinks that Hillary Clinton and Obama are going to run for president and vice president in the 2020 election. It is too late for them to run within the Democratic party, and it seems entirely unbelievable to think they'd run third party. Alex is kind of just making stuff up.
*Alex claims that Black Lives Matter wants to destroy the nuclear family. This is just an intentional misrepresentation of [https://www.mediamatters.org/black-lives-matter/right-wing-media-claim-black-lives-matter-advocates-against-family-through their actual position]. If you read their statement of beliefs, it's clear that it's about viewing each other as family, regardless of blood relation, not about destroying any family structure. They're also very explicit about respecting parental relations, which upholds familial structures.
*Alex and his guest, Rev. Childress, discuss how Martin Luther King Jr. was against riots. This is in opposition to one of [https://time.com/3838515/baltimore-riots-language-unheard-quote/ his most famous quotes], and [https://timeline.com/by-the-end-of-his-life-martin-luther-king-realized-the-validity-of-violence-4de177a8c87b the later positions he was coming to] before his assassination. It's a longstanding tradition to shame protesters for not being saintly enough to have their concerns heard, and this is just Alex's racist version of it.
*Alex and Childress lie about the relationship between Hitler and Planned Parenthood founder Margaret Sanger. Sanger was [https://www.nyu.edu/projects/sanger/articles/sanger-hitler_equation.php explicitly anti-Nazi], and Hitler hated Sanger because she worked to increase access to birth control. If all the Aryan women were able to make their own decisions about reproduction, it would hurt the growth of the Third Reich, which was a big concern of his. Sanger and Hitler were not on the same page, regardless of what anti-abortion liars say over and over.
*Alex pretends that Joe Biden actually said that 120 million people in the US have died from Covid-19, when in reality he had just misspoke. Alex forgot to cut off the part of the clip where Biden begins to correct himself, because he's terrible at his job.
*Alex incorrectly reports that the CDC says that masks don't work at all. He claims that they admit that you wearing a mask will not stop you from spreading the virus, if you're sick. In reality, [https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/prevent-getting-sick/cloth-face-cover.html the page he's found on the CDC website] is about masks with valves, which most everyday masks do not have. This story is a dud. You can find [https://www.insider.com/masks-with-a-breathable-valve-are-useless-experts-warn-2020-5 tons of stories] from [https://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-8266171/Bay-Area-says-masks-valves-not-acceptable-face-protection-amid-coronavirus-pandemic.html back in April] and [https://www.bostonglobe.com/2020/05/27/nation/wearing-face-mask-with-valve-it-might-be-time-find-something-else-some-experts-say/ May about how] [https://www.fastcompany.com/90496717/what-is-a-mask-valve-and-why-are-cities-banning-them masks with valves are not effective] at stopping viral transmission.
*Alex has started a website called We Can't Breathe, attempting to hijack the police brutality movement and use it against masks. It's pathetic, racist, and also doesn't seem to be working. Anyway, [https://www.statesman.com/news/20200627/adler-austin-has-nationrsquos-highest-7-day-metro-positivity-rate-of-coronavirus-tests?fbclid=IwAR3eVRaU0q5ar41HreYzSjKRrLTQP_pi8Df5mfqOQUHa_fdp_ssduAK9d5Q&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=web_push cases of Covid-19 in Austin are exploding], so this is a really bad idea.
*Alex tries to interview his anti-communist hero G. Edward Griffin, but unfortunately Griffin is not really all that into Trump. Because Alex is a coward and can't argue with someone with as high of stature as Griffin, and because Griffin doesn't give a shit about Alex's scam, this leads to Alex suggesting that the Globalists actually wanted Trump to get elected to negotiate a better position with China. He will absolutely forget about this and never bring it up again.

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]