{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0454:December 17, 2013
}}{{Episode
    | title           = December 17, 2013
    | caption         = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/454-december-17-2013 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/1zr82U20hXgKorLm3qoOWM Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/454: December 17, 2013|Unofficial Transcript]]
    | episodeNumber   = 454
    | length          = 01:34:09
    | airDate         = July 8, 2020
    | coverageDate    = December 17, 2013
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Time Travel|Time Travel]]
    | appearance      = [[Larry Klayman]], [[Anthony Gucciardi]], [[Matt Dubiel]], [[William F Jasper]], [[Carroll Quigley]]
    | oocDrop         = When TSA plays Ping Pong with your juevos, that's tyranny
    | previousEpisode = [[453: July 2, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[455: July 7-8, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan travel back to the past for a special requested episode. In this installment, [[Alex Jones]] discusses every fact on Earth about soil, reveals that he's never read the book his worldview is based on, and hero-worships someone who would end up suing him a few years later.

==Tidbits==

*Time Capsule Episode: The day a listener's daughter was born
*Guest: [[Larry Klayman]]
*GM isn't going to pay back the bailout
*Google's robot army
*They won't release the bioweapon until they have martial law
*Cops kick in the wrong door all the time
*Alex is anti-cop
*[[Anthony Gucciardi]] got raided
*Alex Jones Karaoke
*Pancho and Lefty
*FDDA wants to give you scurvy
*Are you getting enough oil of oregano?
*Feds took iodine out of salt
*Alex wants to talk about soil
*Guest: Anthony Gucciardi, selling iodine
*Miss Teen USA contestant is dumb
*Guest: Matt Dubiel, explains life under [[Rahm Emanuel]]
*Matt hates road trips, shits on middle America
*Guest: William F Jasper, John Bircher
*We're not crazy, we're covering the crazy... buy a dash cam
*Alex admits he hasn't read Tragedy and Hope by [[Carroll Quigley]]
*Alex is all over Larry's balls because Larry sued Obama
*Larry is humble af

==Notable Bits==

*Alex Jones Karaoke

==References==

*Tragedy and Hop

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan go back to 2013 to create a time capsule for a listener.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/7/20/episode-454-december-17-2013 Episode 454: December 17, 2013]</ref>

Topics covered include:

*Alex lies about a headline regarding the repayment of money GM got in the bailout. The confusion is about the head of GM saying that [https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/cars/2013/12/16/general-motors-gm-bailout-repayment/4043607/ the company will not pay back all $10 billion] that was part of the package. This is because not all of that money was a loan, and there was no obligation for them to repay money that wasn't a loan. A lot of the money that was used to bail out GM was in the form of government buying stock, and GM is not required to repay that. Ultimately, [https://money.cnn.com/2014/05/29/news/companies/gm-profit-bailout/index.html GM did pay back everything they owed]. If you want to argue that they should have paid back more, that's an okay position to have, but it's a different point than Alex was trying to make.
*Alex lies about GM plants in China creating cars for the US market. There are factories in China because there is a giant car market in China. [https://www.cnn.com/2019/09/05/business/trump-barra-gm-fact-check/index.html Approximately 1% of US GM sales are cars from China].
*Alex tries to scare his audience about Google buying robotics companies, saying they're trying to create a robot army. Google had [https://www.cbsnews.com/news/google-buys-8-robotics-companies-in-6-months-why/ recently bought some robotics companies], but [https://www.vox.com/2017/6/8/15766440/softbank-alphabet-google-robotics-boston-dynamics-schaft they've since sold them]. They were investments and part of their developmental wing.
*Alex exaggerates the level of scurvy that people in the US experience in the present day. There are [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2567249/#:~:text=8-,Deficiency,of%20irregular%20or%20inadequate%20intake. some people who will get scurvy], but most people who are at risk are people who have other related factors in their lives, like alcoholism or drug abuse, which affect their body's absorption of vitamin C.
*Alex lies about salt not having iodine in it. He specifically uses a sea salt to make his point, but fails to clarify that it's a commonly-known fact that [https://www.mayoclinic.org/healthy-lifestyle/nutrition-and-healthy-eating/expert-answers/sea-salt/faq-20058512 sea salt doesn't contain iodine]. Table salt still does, and almost everyone in the US gets plenty of iodine that way.
*Alex lies about [https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/soil-depletion-and-nutrition-loss/ an article in Scientific American] about soil depletion. The short version of this is that scientists have studied soil depletion, and they initially believed that it was likely the result of non-organic agricultural practices. Subsequent research has shown that [https://blogs.scientificamerican.com/observations/vanishing-nutrients/ it is more likely that the phenomenon is related to climate change], and that vitamin/mineral depletion is connected to increased levels of CO2.
*Alex insults Caitlin Upton, the woman who competed at the 2007 Miss Teen USA pageant and had a bad answer about education. Two people who Alex loves in 2020 were big fans of Ms. Upton. [https://web.archive.org/web/20071029125549/http://www.news.com.au/entertainment/story/0%2C23663%2C22450632-10229%2C00.html Trump signed her to a lucrative modeling contract] (and owned the pageant at the time), and [https://www.refinery29.com/en-us/2019/03/226869/tucker-carlson-miss-teen-usa-comments Tucker Carlson went on a radio show] and said that Upton would make a good wife because she was so dumb.
*Alex talks to Anthony Guciardi, who is basically just there to do an infomercial for Alex's supplement line.
*Alex interviews the guy who owns the radio station that airs his show in the Chicago area.
*Alex interviews Larry Klayman, who would go on to sue Alex in 2019.

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Time Travel]]
