{{Episode
    | title             = July 9-11, 2020
    | caption           = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/456-july-9-11-2020 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber     = 456
    | length            = 02:27:37
    | airDate           = July 13, 2020
    | coverageStartDate = July 9, 2020
    | coverageEndDate   = July 11, 2020
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[Roger Stone]], [[Jair Bolsonaro]], [[Anthony Fauci]], [[Nim Kidd]], [[Owen Shroyer]], [[Savannah Hernandez]], [[Robert DePugh]], [[Dan Lyman]], [[Mancow]], [[Tyler Nixon]]
    | previousEpisode   = [[455: July 7-8, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[457: July 12-13, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan discuss the end of the last week on The Alex Jones Show. In this installment, Alex wrestles with the "Wayfair Conspiracy" and celebrates Roger Stone's clemency by interviewing Mancow.

==Tidbits==

*Roger's sentence is commuted
*Guest: Roger Stone
*Alex preemptively gives Roger cover to not go to InfoWars first
*Berkley wants living abortions and PETA doesn't care
*The FDA wants fresh baby parts
*Rising covid 19 is due to increased testing
*Roger has skype issues, so Alex sings
*Roger is kicked off FaceBook, just like Bolsonaro
*Alex tries to make Roger's covid 19 narrative work
*Roger is going to sue you if you don't say allegedly
*Alex DOES NOT freak out on tech issues
*The election is a coup against Trump
*CFR calls for a coup!
*Alex has bombshell proof covid 19 is a hoax: CDC sais covid 19 is not an epidemic
*SCOTUS gives away half of Oklahoma to protect a child molester
*Monkeys are wearing masks because they admire us
*Alex inspired Trump to remove Fauci
*Alex's True Story: Chinese Joggers avoid Alex
*Alex cover Nim Kidd mask at home video
*Trump coup is live... hard cut to commercial
*Dr Ryan says wear a mask in home or he'll take your kids
*UN runs Texas
*Alex isn't prepared... ad pivot
*Goldman Sachs says coup!
*Owen and Savannah in studio
*Owen: let's make an autonomous zone
*Alex asks Owen if it's time to kill
*Owen may be over Trump's shit
*Savannah: Hillary spread the idea of Trump not leaving
*Owen: Let's storm the Texas capitol
*Alex knows whkat Trump is going to do for Roger, but is staying quiet
*Owen: protestors aren't enemies, they're obstacles, so run them over with a car
*Is Alex drunk on air?
*Memorandum 7277 was made by the CIA, not the Minutemen (no it wasn't)
*Background: Minutemen and Robert DePugh
*Guest: Dan Lyman from Europe Wars
*The ADL wants to trick Alex into hating Jews
*Return of the Kalergi Plan
*Emergency Saturday broadcast
*Emergency guest: Mancow
*Emergency Guest: Tyler Nixon, Roger's lawyer
*No Roger on the emergency Roger episode
*Is Wayfair selling kids in armoirs?
*Mancow fucks with Alex
*Mancow: Trump is cracking
*Roger says Mancow is Q
*Mancow is into Q
*Mancow: Rogan sold out
*Alex can't get products anymore
*Alex knows the truth of Wayfair, it's either money laundering or an oopsie or it is actually kids
*JK, there's a fourth option: it's a trap to discredit by the globalists
*Alex is trying to avoid another Pizzagate
*Alex blames his staff for Pizzagate
*Alex thinks everything is psych warfare
*Maybe Wayfair is really selling kids

==Notable Bits==

*Alex's True Story

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan check in on Alex's show to see how he handles the news of Roger Stone receiving clemency.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/7/20/episode-456-july-9-11-2020 Episode 456: July 9-11, 2020]</ref>

Topics covered include:

*Alex [https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/testimony-biotech-company/ lies about Stanford] ordering beating baby hearts.
*Alex misleadingly discusses the [https://www.texasrighttolife.com/newly-uncovered-documents-show-fda-spent-nearly-100000-on-baby-body-parts-to-make-humanized-mice/ FDA having contracts] for stem cell research.
*Alex lies about Roger Stone getting booted from social media. [https://www.bbc.com/news/technology-53347793 According to Facebook], he was operating over 50 pages in coordination, which is against terms of service.
*Alex lies about [https://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/united-states/2020-06-15/americas-democratic-unraveling an article in Foreign Affairs] titled America's Democratic Unraveling. Alex says this article is about signaling a military coup against Trump, but he's just making that up.
*Alex lies about [https://www.stamfordadvocate.com/opinion/article/Trump-could-lose-and-not-leave-But-Cabinet-15396854.php an article] which was discussing the possibility of Trump not leaving office after losing the 2020 election. The article is just about how if executive branch employees aided Trump in not leaving office, they would be open to criminal prosecution. Alex claims that this is about threatening anyone who supports Trump.
*Alex claims that the CDC has admitted Covid-19 is not an epidemic. This is just cherry-picking and playing games with [https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/covid-data/covidview/index.html information actually on the CDC's website].
*Alex lies about [https://www.npr.org/2020/07/09/889562040/supreme-court-rules-that-about-half-of-oklahoma-is-indian-land the lawsuit involving the Supreme Court] ruling that about half of Oklahoma is technically Creek land.
*Alex got [https://www.ndtv.com/offbeat/this-video-of-a-monkey-wearing-a-face-mask-will-leave-you-in-stitches-2259016 tricked by an old viral video] of a monkey wearing a scarf on its head, which he claims is the result of monkeys seeing us wearing masks. The video predates Covid, and Alex is very dumb.
*Alex lies about [https://news4sanantonio.com/news/local/tdem-you-should-consider-wearing-a-mask-even-when-youre-in-your-own-home a Texas official suggesting that people should wear masks at home]. The official, Nim Kidd, suggested this could be a good idea if you're in a multi-generational home and are not able to distance/protect yourself when you're in public, but Alex pretends that he's saying everyone should always wear a mask at home, which is a lie.
*Alex makes up that the Texas Division of Emergency Management takes orders from the WHO Health Emergencies Program. This is not true, [https://tdem.texas.gov/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/2020-Emergency-Management-Annex-ESF-5.pdf they are under the governor of Texas].
*Alex misrepresents [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2v3vlw14NbM comments made by Dr. Michael Ryan], Executive Director of the WHO Health Emergencies Program, back in March. In proper context, Ryan's comments in no way apply to the current situation in the US. He was talking about late-stage monitoring of cases once an outbreak has been gotten under control.
*Alex claims that Goldman Sachs is getting ready for a coup against Trump. The reality is that they're just [https://www.cnbc.com/2020/07/08/goldman-warns-delayed-election-results-this-november-similar-to-bush-gore-could-rock-the-market.html advising their customers that they should hedge their investments until the end of the year], largely because of uncertainty around the election. Factors like mail-in voting and the virus make it so it is very likely that results will be delayed, which [https://www.marketwatch.com/story/how-wall-street-reacts-to-election-recounts-2016-11-28 caused market volatility in 2000].
*Savannah Hernandez claims that Hillary Clinton planted the seed that Trump wouldn't leave office. In reality, [https://slate.com/news-and-politics/2020/02/trump-jokes-rigged-elections-chaos.html Trump has joked constantly about not leaving office]. It's one of his favorite jokes.
*Owen Shroyer calls left-wing protesters "obstacles to freedom." He expresses support for running people over, which is [https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2020/07/08/vehicle-ramming-attacks-66-us-since-may-27/5397700002/ something that has happened at least 66 times] since May 27.
*Alex lies about the CIA running the newsletter On Target. That was actually [https://www.columbiatribune.com/article/20090806/News/308069706 written by The Minutemen], the violent right-wing anti-communist militia ran by Robert DePugh. An issue of On Target appears in the CIA's online reading room because it was part of their observation of DePugh, not because they wrote it. The fact that Alex is reporting that is very troubling.
*Alex reveals that he thinks all news stories he reads are Globalist psych warfare, and thus, when he reads a story he knows that it's a white-wash, so he's free to make up his own exaggerated version of the story, which must be reality. This is incredibly troubling to hear, because it's basically Alex saying "I have created a rationalization for why it's cool for me to lie about everything."

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]