{{Episode
    | title             = July 12-13, 2020
    | caption           = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/457-july-12-13-2020 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber     = 457
    | length            = 01:26:02
    | airDate           = July 15, 2020
    | coverageStartDate = July 12, 2020
    | coverageEndDate   = July 13, 2020
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[Justin Barrett]], [[Tucker Carlson]], [[Anthony Fauci]], [[Roger Stone]], [[Dr Group]]
    | oocDrop           = I was on the fence about devil worship
    | previousEpisode   = [[456: July 9-11, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[458: July 14, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan keep track of two ongoing storylines on The Alex Jones Show that probably shouldn't be ongoing storylines. The first is the conspicuous absence of Roger Stone on Alex's show since he got saved from prison. The second is Alex weirdly trying to talk himself into promoting the Wayfair Conspiracy. No reason for any of this to be happening.

==Tidbits==

*Wayfair is still in play
*Alex's audience guilted him into covering Wayfair
*Black Lives Matters executes white women
*News son't cover black guy stabbing people on subway
*McCloskeys had their guns confiscated by a Soros DA
*Antifa attacks anti-pedo rally
*Justin Barrett and the National Party in Ireland
*Support Tucker Carlson... 4th of July sale is still on
*Iodine is the real adrenochrome
*White House says Fauci was wrong because of Alex
*NBC clip proves Covid 19 is a hoax
*Wayfair is definitely selling kids
*Also, Amazon is selling kids
*SKU search on Yandex brings up pics of kids
*No Roger Stone
*Media is covering up black on white crime
*Alex's True Story: Alex experiences reverse racism
*Leftist cities aren't safe for white people
*Chic-Fil-A are sellouts
*Son of Chic-Fil-A
*Alex covers for Roger
*Dr Group says 5G makes covid 19 worse
*Trump didn't file the right clemency paperwork
*Cats are being registered to vote
*Caller: don't badmouth Michael Jackson
*Don't get tested for covid 19
*Alex doesn't have time to fake calls
*No time for fake news, no time for calls, just time to plug

==Notable Bits==

*Alex's True Story

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan track the stories happening on the Alex Jones Show.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/7/20/episode-457-july-12-13-2020 Episode 457: July 12-13, 2020]</ref>

Topics covered include:

*Roger Stone continues to not appear on Infowars, most likely because he got a nice check to give Sean Hannity the exclusive first interview, and Alex is an afterthought to him.
*After initially declaring the Wayfair conspiracy a Globalist honey-trap, Alex has decided that there's more to this story, and Wayfair is most likely actually selling humans. It's very sad.
*Alex reports [https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8515507/Young-mother-24-shot-dead-fianc-saying-lives-matter.html a false, and racist, version of a story] of a woman who was killed in Indianapolis. The story is very sad, but Alex has created aspects of the story, and ignored others, to make it seem like the victim was killed because she was white. The way he reports on this story is a fingerprint of his racism.
*Alex reports on another story in a racist fashion. [https://nypost.com/2020/07/13/bronx-man-charged-for-stabbing-pair-of-elders-on-subway/ A man stabbed two elderly men on a train] in New York. In Alex's reporting, the man stabbed the victims because they were white. This is not clear from any reporting on the story, and appears to be his own creation which he does not prove at all.
*Alex is upset that the couple in St. Louis [https://www.foxnews.com/us/missouri-couple-who-defended-home-have-rifle-seized-during-police-search-report had their home searched]. There's [https://www.thetrace.org/2020/07/armed-st-louis-missouri-couple-threat-brandishing-self-defense/ an open question] about whether or not Patricia McCloskey pointing a gun at protesters constituted illegal brandishing of a gun.
*Alex claims that antifa protested an anti-pedophilia rally in Ireland. In reality, the rally was being run by Justin Barrett, who is a pretty well known fascist, [https://the-beacon.ie/2020/01/31/in-the-mind-of-justin-barrett-ireland-will-be-saved-by-installing-a-catholic-dictatorship/ who believes that Ireland should be a Catholic dictatorship]. Barrett has [https://www.irishtimes.com/news/neo-nazis-affirm-links-with-youth-defence-1.1098966 spoken multiple times at events] held by the German Neo-Nazi party NDP, once even sharing the bill with William Luther Pierce, author of The Turner Diaries. His rally was not an anti-pedophilia rally, and protesting him is not supporting pedophilia.
*Alex thinks everyone is trying to "cancel" Tucker Carlson, because it got revealed that his top writer, Blake Neff, [https://www.cnn.com/2020/07/10/media/tucker-carlson-writer-blake-neff/index.html had been posting racist shit online under an alias]. Tucker went on an allegedly planned vacation, [https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/tucker-carlson-now-vacation-could-face-more-advertiser-defections-1230312 which is weirdly exactly what he did the last time] he was in hot water and was losing advertisers.
*Alex pretends that cats are getting mail-in ballots.
*Alex makes excuses for why Roger hasn't shown up, even though he totally should have, given how tight he and Alex are supposed to be. It's very sad.

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
