{{Episode
    | title           = July 14, 2020
    | caption         = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/458-july-14-2020 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber   = 458
    | length          = 01:19:19
    | airDate         = July 17, 2020
    | coverageDate    = July 14, 2020
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance      = [[Roger Stone]], [[Jim Hoft's brother]], [[David Rockefeller]], [[Haile Selassie]], [[Mike Cernovich]], [[Tucker Carlson]], [[Joe Hoft]], [[RFK Jr]]
    | previousEpisode = [[457: July 12-13, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[459: July 17, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan end the week-long "Will They/Won't They" about when Roger Stone would finally show up on Infowars after being saved from prison last Friday. Also, Alex does ads for a product he can't sell yet, lies about Covid news, and accidentally reveals that he has no idea who Haile Selassie is.

==Tidbits==

*Roger finally shows up
*Roger would have given Alex the exclusive, but he had to get a clemency letter first
*Guest: Jim Hoft's brother
*The time is coming for paying blood debts
*Rights vs rites
*Robots are coming... ad pivot
*New products: Activated charcoal toothpaste and mouthwash, but Alex can't sell it yet
*Products are being sold through new, separate company
*New prop: angel wings with a skull and dagger
*David Rockefeller NYT op-ed on Mao
*Flu deaths are down because they're calling it Covid 19
*Social justice warriors say Jesus was black
*Black Lives Matter wants militias
*Alex doesn't know who Haile Selassie is
*All statues are the same
*Roger gives and exclusive LONG interview
*Trump's clemency was an act of god
*Alex eats during Roger's interview
*Roger: FOX censors talk of George Soros
*Roger signs commutation live on air
*Roger, let's talk about God... hard break
*Mike Cernovich is a tool of god
*Roger didn't invite Alex to his clemency party
*Tucker Carlson is the dreamiest
*Roger finally thanks Alex
*Roger needs money
*Can't sell toothpaste, so Christmas in July sale
*Florida labs report 100% positive cases
*Alex Jones Karaoke: I had to ask Joe Hoft
*Joe: Listen to RFK Jr
*Joe: Ain't no excess deaths
*Joe: You're twice as likely to die in a blue state as a red state
*BLM celebrates dead white women

==Notable Bits==

*Alex Jones Karaoke

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan finally get to hear Roger Stone appear on The Alex Jones Show.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/7/20/episode-458-july-14-2020 Episode 458: July 14, 2020]</ref>

Topics covered include:

*Roger shows up and tries to make Alex feel special by signing his alleged commutation papers on air. It's a sad display that impresses no one. Alex is eating lunch through most of his interview with Roger.
*Alex doesn't know the difference between "rite" and "right."
*Alex lies about David Rockefeller's 1973 New York Times op-ed. [https://www.nytimes.com/1973/08/10/archives/from-a-china-traveler.html It doesn't say any of the things Alex claims].
*Alex claims that flu deaths going down is a conspiracy, and not just the result of the fact that it's July. Flu season ends generally in May.
*Alex clearly has no idea who Haile Salassie is, which is embarrassing.
*Alex has a "Christmas In July" sale going, which seems sacrilegious for someone like him to do. There really should only be one Christmas, since it's Jesus's birthday and all.
*Alex lies about [https://www.nbcmiami.com/news/local/conspiracy-theorists-and-virus-deniers-amplify-and-distort-minor-data-error/2262792/ a data entry issue with Florida labs] to pretend that all Covid-19 data is fraudulent. The labs in question did not realize that in a pandemic they are also expected to report negative test results, so [https://www.fox13news.com/news/doh-some-florida-labs-only-reported-positive-covid-19-results-not-negatives some small privately owned labs were only reporting positive results]. This led to some labs having a positive rate of 100%, but data analysis has shown that there's no way that this had any impact on the state's positive test rate. Alex makes up numbers about this story [https://www.fox35orlando.com/news/fox-35-investigates-florida-department-of-health-says-some-labs-have-not-reported-negative-covid-19-results that in no way match the actual data] you can find easily if you look.
*Alex interviews Jim Hoft's brother, who he keeps calling "Jim Hoft's brother," which is honestly sad for both of them.
*Alex and Jim Hoft's brother deny that there are [https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamainternalmedicine/fullarticle/2767980 tens of thousands of excess deaths] being reported in the US this year.

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]