{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0045:May 25, 2017
}}{{Episode
    | title           = May 25, 2017
    | caption         = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-may-25-2017 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber   = 45
    | length          = 02:58:32
    | airDate         = May 29, 2017
    | coverageDate    = May 25, 2017
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance      = [[Larry Nichols]]
    | oocDrop         = Hillary went to a church for witches.
    | previousEpisode = [[44: May 22, 2017]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[46: June 18, 2015]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan tells Jordan about what happened on the May 25th episode of The Alex Jones Show. Topics include:

*Jerome Corsi has discovered information that may get him killed
*Alex has figured out how the media coverage of Trump's coverage of Russia works
*JEROME CORSI HAS DISCOVERED INFORMATION THAT MAY GET HIM KILLED

==Tidbits==

*Introduction of Larry Nichols
*Clue: Info Wars Edition

==Detailed Show Notes==

[https://www.democracynow.org/2017/5/24/headlines The world on May 25, 2017]<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/the-past/2017/5/25/may-25-2017 May 25, 2017]</ref>:

*Britain deploys 4,000 soldiers internally in response to the bombing at a Manchester Ariana Grande concert.
*Donald Trump hires Marc Kasowitz to represent him in the matters related to the investigations of his connections to Russia. Kasowitz also represents the largest bank in Russia, which gives the feeling of a conflict. Further, Trump's front-runner to be named FBI Director, Joe Lieberman, works at Kasowitz's firm, which would be a definite conflict of interest.
*Former CIA Director John Brennan testified to the House Intelligence Committee that he had seen evidence of contacts between Russian agents and persons involved in the Trump campaign that made him "concerned."
*The Senate Intelligence Committee issues subpoenas for two of Michael Flynn's businesses. They had previously subpoenaed Flynn himself, but he chose to ignore that and invoked the 5th amendment. Businesses, however, cannot plead the 5th.
*President Duterte of the Philippines declares a state of indefinite martial law in the Mindanao region of his country, claiming that rebels had seized control. A transcript of a phone call between Trump and Duterte is leaked wherein Trump tells Duterte he's doing a great job on drugs. Since last June, more than 7,000 people have been extrajudicially killed by police because of drug offenses. Police have claimed "self-defense."
*The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights announces that U.S.-led airstrikes have killed 225 civilians over the past month, including 44 children.
*Thousands march in Chicago to demand a minimum wage increase to $15/hr.

What Alex covered on May 25:

*This episode is mostly about how Jerome Corsi has been told some major information and has warned Alex that he may be killed over the weekend. Alex has been given the greenlight to get into two of the four pieces of news that Corsi thinks will get him killed, but as it turns out, neither of these things are real or even really news. The stories are:
**The Democrats not only killed Seth Rich, but they also wanted everyone to ''know'' that they did it
**Trump has definitive proof that the Democrats gave foreign nationals access to the NSA databases in order to spy on US citizens. This appears to be based on a story that broke on Friday (a full four days before Jerome Corsi was due to come on to discuss it). It looks to be a sensationalization of [https://www.dni.gov/files/documents/icotr/51117/2016_Cert_FISC_Memo_Opin_Order_Apr_2017.pdf this declassified document], a review of the intelligence community's handling of information collected by FISA.
*Alex spends a lot of time trying to shore up InfoWars' credibility. He cites a story about XBox's being able to spy on you, and Millie Weaver exposing a member of Antifa. As he talks about these stories, it is kind of clear that the XBox thing isn't quite what he's talking about, and Millie Weaver was just repeating things that she read on 4Chan.
*Alex plays 3 "special reports" because he is so worked up about the Corsi news. The reports are all terrible, and are:
**Paul Joseph Watson talking shit on Katy Perry not hating Muslims enough
**John Baun discussing the elites (mostly Katy Perry) loving Satan
**Mark Dice mocking John Kerry's attempts at humor during a commencement speech.
*Larry Nichols returns to the show to explain that he has "top level sources" that the Democrats are going to try to impeach Trump in the next six months. This sort of revelation does not require any kind of source, it's pretty obvious. He spends the rest of his time on the show talking about how evil Hillary is, and how Alex is still humanity's only chance.
*Larry goes on to repeat falsehoods and conjecture about the death of Seth Rich, implicating Donna Brazile and Debbie Wasserman-Schultz.
*Mike Cernovich comes on the show to spread innuendo about Mike Pence working against Trump behind the scenes, and about Lindsey Graham being behind a bunch of leaks.

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]