{{Episode
    | title           = ShadowGate
    | caption         = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/470-shadowgate Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber   = 470
    | length          = 03:27:25
    | airDate         = August 17, 2020
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Documentary|Documentary]]
    | appearance      = [[Millie Weaver]], [[Tore (Terpsichore Lindeman)]], [[Patrick Bergy]], [[John Brennan]], [[Edward Snowden]], [[Robert Storch]], [[Roger Stone]], [[Paul Manafort]], [[Seth Rich]], [[Sean Lucas]], [[George Floyd]]
    | previousEpisode = [[469: August 12-13, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[471: August 14-16, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan take a look at the new documentary created by Infowars reporter Millie Weaver, which was released shortly after her arrest on Friday. In this installment, the gents try to decide whether this is in fact the whistleblowing event of the century, or a shoddy disaster that proves nothing.

==Tidbits==

*Plant Watching
*Mille Weaver arrest info and her documentary
*Millie's doc, "Shadowgate", is very stupid
*Millie's assertions: 1) Small group of contractgors hired by government to sabotage Trump campaign 2) Contractors set up Russia investigation 3) Contractors provided witnesses for impeachment 4) Contractors provided administrative services for Mueller investigation 5) Contractors create fake news 6) Contractors started defund the police movement
*Shadow government isn't the deep state
*Me puppet, you puppet
*Shadow government can't be FOIA'd
*Whistleblowers: Tore and Patrick Bergy
*Patrick: Covid 19 is an internet hoax
*Victim of the Swamp: Patrick's memoir
*Patrick on "Crowdsource the Truth"
*Patrick's ex-wives
*Patrick's political career
*Interactive Internet Activities (IIA)
*Patrick developed Shadownet for Dynology
*Tore worked for John Brennan to mirror internet upstream data
*Tore pulled fake hacks for Brennan
*Tore explains the superswitch
*Snowden did it!
*Millie makes shit up about USspending.gov
*Patrick explains iPsy
*Podcasts are IIA psyops
*Obama legalized propaganda
*Patrick talks Obamaphone
*iPhones and Obamaphones were made to spy on you
*Obamaphone caused Ferguson
*Everyone stonewalls Patrick
*BLM is run from Ukraine
*Tore is Millie's source in other bullshit
*Terpsichore Lindeman's grift
*Robert Storch was never confirmed as IG of NSA
*Cambridge Analytica was a Russian False Flag
*Roger Stone is in play
*Manafort is an asset of the Dems
*Patrick: the goal was to put Pence in charge the whole time
*Tore had portions of the hacked DNC server
*Tore talks Seth Rich
*Sean Lucas death
*George Floyd protests are IIA
*Globalist Plan: Wag The Dog
*Tore: movies make fun of me
*Shadownet can predict jury outcomes
*Shadownet has AI now
*Millie misrepresents the Dynology patent
*Don't forget the UN and Sunrise movement
*Documentary ends

==Notable Bits==

*Me puppet, you puppet
*Globalist Plan

==References==

*Victim of the Swamp by Patrick Bergy

==Detailed Show Notes==

Dan and Jordan discuss Millie Weaver's new documentary, which some people are pretending are involved in her recent arrest.<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2020/8/17/episode-470-shadow-gate Episode 470: Shadow Gate]</ref>

Topics covered include:

*Millie Weaver and her husband Gavin Wince [https://heavy.com/news/2020/08/millie-weaver/ were arrested on August 14], on felony charges of burglary, tampering with evidence, obstruction of justice, and domestic violence.
*Millie claims that government contractors are not subject to FOIA requests. [https://washingtontechnology.com/articles/2017/02/17/insights-proxmire-foia-advice.aspx This is not true]. You can find all sorts of information about government contractors on [https://foiaonline.gov/foiaonline/action/public/home the FOIA portal].
*One of Millie's experts, Patrick Bergy alleges to be [https://www.tampabay.com/archive/2005/10/27/bound-for-boot-camp-he-s-booted-from-his-job/ the first 40 year old private in the US military]. He also ran for [https://www.tampabay.com/archive/2004/10/11/independent-candidate-strives-to-be-heard/ Pasco County Election Supervisor], which [https://www.pascovotes.gov/portals/pasco/Results/gen04all.htm did not result in a victory]. After the campaign, Bergy [http://www.fec.state.fl.us/FECWebFi.nsf/0/EB6EA80B40C7CA6485257C2F00735CDA/$file/158.pdf didn't pay a fine] when told to by the commission, and eventually [http://www.fec.state.fl.us/FECWebFi.nsf/0/7C014BB7366B7E6785257C0E00587C5B/$file/206.pdf negotiated a settlement].
*Patrick Bergy's story largely relies on appeals to stories about IIA, or Interactive Internet Activity. The primary source about this is [https://fas.org/sgp/othergov/dod/dod060807.pdf a 2007 memo] which discusses public relations guidelines for interactive internet engagement of DoD personnel in certain foreign countries. It does not appear to be anything close to what they claim.
*Patrick Bergy wrote a book called [https://www.amazon.com/Victim-Swamp-State-Destroyed-Private/dp/1977646468 Victim Of The Swamp].
*Millie says that upstream collection of data is a large part of what the NSA does, but this is not accurate. A 2011 report found that [https://www.aclu.org/files/assets/fisc_opinion_10.3.2011.pdf 9% of internet data collected] was upstream collection, as opposed to stuff acquired directly from ISPs. Also, the NSA reported that they [https://www.nsa.gov/news-features/press-room/Article/1618699/nsa-stops-certain-section-702-upstream-activities/ amended their upstream collection practices] in April 2017.
*The [https://www.nytimes.com/2008/03/22/us/politics/22passport.html 2008 passport data breach] involved contractors from [https://web.archive.org/web/20080324040415/http://deepbackground.msnbc.msn.com/archive/2008/03/21/794799.aspx Stanley Inc and The Analysis Group]. It did not involve CGI, although [https://washingtontechnology.com/articles/2010/05/07/cgi-buys-stanley.aspx CGI did acquire Stanley in 2010], two years later.
*The Analysis Corporation is a [https://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php/The_Analysis_Corporation wholly-owned subsidiary of Global Strategies Group].
*Millie thinks that CGI stands for Canadian Global Information, because those words are in the first line of their Wikipedia page. The name actually stands for [https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2013/10/16/meet-cgi-federal-the-company-behind-the-botched-launch-of-healthcare-gov/ Conseillers en Gestion et Informatique].
*The John Brennan quid-pro-quo theory does not make sense, given that [https://web.archive.org/web/20110507023129/http://www.northjersey.com/news/120509_North_Bergen_man_is_homeland_security_assistant_for_President_Obama.html he was a high level Obama advisor prior to the passport breach], and was clearly on a short-list to be in the administration.
*The PRISM program did not involve upstream collections of data.
*Dynology has received [https://www.usaspending.gov/#/search/b174b27784aef45c8a6b0640ee63792c many government contracts] over the years. [https://www.usaspending.gov/#/award/CONT_AWD_W912PE08P7083_9700_-NONE-_-NONE- One of these contracts] involves work that was performed in Germany, which Millie is claiming involves the Congressional Knowledge Management Service. This is based on her seeing the acronym "CMKS" on the contract, which she took to mean Congressional Knowledge Management Service, although the acronym for that should be CKMS. In cloud computing, CMKS is an abbreviation for Customer Master Keys, so it is entirely possible that this is what this contract was for, and there's no evidence provided that it has anything to do with the Congressional Knowledge Management Service.
*Patrick Bergy asserts that the Smith-Mundt Modernization Act of 2012 made it legal for the US government to propagandize the US population. This is [https://foreignpolicy.com/2013/07/14/u-s-repeals-propaganda-ban-spreads-government-made-news-to-americans/ a misunderstanding that apparently began with a sloppy column in Buzzfeed], which took on a life of its own. The Smith-Mundt Act of 2012 only made it so programs created by the Broadcasting Board of Governors could be accessible in the US, primarily because with the internet as it is, there's basically no way to stop it, and because these programs may be the preferred news sources of diaspora communities in the US. The Act itself explicitly lays out that [https://www.govinfo.gov/content/pkg/BILLS-112hr5736ih/pdf/BILLS-112hr5736ih.pdf money allocated to these organizations cannot be used to sway public opinion in the US].
*Patrick Bergy seems to think that every recent instance of non-white communities expressing dissatisfaction with things like police violence are examples of people being swayed by Department of Defense IIA operations. The documentary doesn't include instances of white identity protests being accused of being IIA, which is weird.
*Patrick Bergy's story seems to [https://www.victimoftheswamp.com/2020/02/22/the-witness-obamas-shadownet/ include a whole lot of instances] of him being rebuffed by prominent people, like Matt Gaetz and Dan Bongino, after he approaches them about ShadowNet. The fact that they won't sign onto his conspiracy theory seems to consistently be taken as evidence that they themselves are involved in the ShadowNet conspiracy.
*Millie's other expert, Tore, [https://www.infowars.com/breaking-new-evidence-confirms-kentucky-election-fraud/ was also Millie's primary source] for her "reporting" about questions surrounding the 2019 election in Kentucky.
*Tore's [https://www.propublica.org/article/misinformation-efforts-over-kentucky-vote-could-be-playbook-for-2020 full name is Terpsichore Lindeman], and her claims about voter roll discrepancy were debunked by ProPublica.
*Tore was [https://attorneygeneral.nd.gov/news/attorney-general-details-investigation-unlicensed-business-alleged-fraud-tore-maras-lindeman investigated by the North Dakota attorney general] for inappropriately soliciting charitable donations in 2018. She also decided to [https://www.kfyrtv.com/content/news/Second-candidate-running-in-Minot-mayoral-race-468072953.html run for mayor of Minot, North Dakota] on a platform of Make Minot Great Again. [https://www.minotdailynews.com/news/local-news/2018/06/election-results-upheld-in-official-tally/ She did not make it to the ballot]. Fellow citizens started [https://www.change.org/p/concerned-citizens-of-minot-prohibit-tore-maras-lindeman-from-running-for-mayor-in-minot-nd a Change.org petition] to stop her from running for mayor.
*In 2011, Tore is listed as an undergraduate student in biology at the University of Kentucky, in the [https://www.uky.edu/chellgren/sites/www.uky.edu.chellgren/files/FINAL%20ABSTRACT%20BOOK.pdf program for their Showcase of Undergraduate Scholars].
*However, [https://medium.com/immigration-policy/usa-language-confidential-8aec1c253d96 according to her own Medium page], she claims that she was in medical school in 2008. In Millie's documentary, she also claims that she was working on secret projects for John Brennan in 2008, which seems like a problem. [https://navy.togetherweserved.com/usn/servlet/tws.webapp.WebApp?ID=506419&cmd=ShadowBoxProfile&type=Person Her page on TogetherWeServed] also claims to have been attending the University of Kentucky in 2008.
*[https://medium.com/@drlindeman Tore's Medium page] was largely about issues related to foreign language interpreting and serving immigrant communities, until August 2016, when the tone completely changed and it became a very intense conspiracy, pro-Trump blog. Even as her writing shifted into being about the evil forces conspiring about Trump, she did not claim to have first-hand knowledge of these evil forces, which she does claim now, which seems weird.
*Robert Storch was [https://www.whitehouse.gov/presidential-actions/president-donald-j-trump-announces-key-additions-administration-2/ re-nominated by Trump in June 2017]. In December, [https://www.nsa.gov/news-features/press-room/Article/1618765/robert-storch-confirmed-as-national-security-agency-inspector-general/ he was confirmed by the Senate] as the Inspector General of the NSA. Millie says that it "appears he was never actually confirmed," which makes no sense.
*Paul Manafort was not the only [https://www.thedailybeast.com/rick-gates-tells-mueller-about-trump-teams-dealings-with-israeli-intelligence-firm Trump campaign connection to Psy-Group].
*Shawn Lucas was in a video serving papers to the DNC, but he was [https://heavy.com/news/2016/11/shawn-lucas-cause-of-death-drugs-released-kratom-fentanyl-dnc-process-server-democratic-national-committee-hillary-clinton-conspiracy-theory-theories-seth-rich/ just employed as a process server]. It was not his lawsuit. Though tragic, the claim that his death was suspicious or a murder has not been substantiated at all.
*Trump did not make it so people lose their security clearances when they leave their jobs. Because of [https://clearedjobs.net/security-clearance-faqs how clearances work], this would be a logistical and administrative nightmare and create so much more bureaucracy.
*Millie read the first paragraph of [https://www.europarl.europa.eu/cmsdata/196207/UNICRI%20-%20Artificial%20intelligence%20and%20robotics%20for%20law%20enforcement.pdf an Interpol report] about robotics and law enforcement and reported on it. She neglects to mention any of the relevant content of the report.
*Millie found a [https://patents.justia.com/patent/20170061345 2017 patent] for employee surveillance technology owned by Dynology. She presents this outside of the workplace context, and misrepresents the patent. She also fails to point out this is just an updating of an existing 2015 patent.

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Documentary]]