{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0473:August 20-21, 2020
}}{{Episode
    | title             = August 20-21, 2020
    | caption           = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/473-august-20-21-2020 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/1t6122lojiL2bEptzkyrFd Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/473: August 20-21, 2020|Unofficial Transcript]]
    | episodeNumber     = 473
    | length            = 01:49:53
    | airDate           = August 24, 2020
    | coverageStartDate = August 20, 2020
    | coverageEndDate   = August 21, 2020
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[Millie Weaver]], [[Steve Bannon]], [[Steve Pieczenik]], [[DeAnna Lorraine]], [[Tore]], [[Kaitlin Bennett]]
    | oocDrop           = Cherry pie don't come out that ass
    | previousEpisode   = [[472: August 17-19, 2020]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[474: June 6, 2016]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan experience how the past week ended on The Alex Jones Show. In this installment, Dan needed closure on the "ShadowGate/[[Millie Weaver]] gets fired" situation, which Alex sort of provides. Also, a couple of Alex's friends gloat about [[Steve Bannon]]'s arrest.

==Tidbits==

*Continuing coverage of shadowgate
*Alex plays clip of reporter asking [[Donald Trump|Trump]] about Q, leaves out Q
*Pizzagate revisionism leads into oblique reference to Millie
*Alex defends Bannon's grift
*Bannon got himself arrested to smear Trump
*Alex is stockpiling antibiotics
*Tech difficulties
*Islamophobia
*Guest: [[Steve Pieczenik]], wants to talk about Bannon
*Steve: Bannon is a BS artist
*Transphobic [[Michelle Obama]] comments
*Steve: Blue states are not going to secede
*Steve: We need serial capitalism
*Steve: I was involved in Jonestown
*Guest: [[DeAnna Lorraine]]
*DeAnna: Don't yell at me about my mask. What happened to customer service?
*DeAnna: Australia cut me off because I spoke the truth
*Alex plays Trump campaign commercials
*Skipped: Call Of Duty commercial
*Guest: [[Roger Stone]], shits on Bannon
*Roger is careful not to get sued again
*Alex is being honest
*Alex isn't racist, everyone else is
*Alex is going to stop doing research
*Netflix drag queen show trailer makes Alex vomit and want to kill
*Lake party at Barton Creek!... ad plug!
*Gut fusion is good for boners, but we don't sell it
*Alex is sad that he can't remember a product
*Alex's True Story: Alex goes to a Smart Growth Conference
*CNN celebrates American Airlines dropping cities
*Where's the covid stack? What's the name of the product?
*Alex didn't break off with Millie because of Shadowgate
*Alex is coming for Tore and Patrick
*Kaitlin Bennett investigates shadowgate
*Alex is removing Millie from banned.video
*College is for chumps, read encyclopedias
*Alex had 10 volumes on the occult at age 11
*Alex reads so many books
*Alex's True Story: Joggers run towards Alex on the trail
*Voicemails

==Notable Bits==

*Alex's True Story

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
