{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0489:October 2-4, 2020
}}{{Episode
    | title             = October 2-4, 2020
    | caption           = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/489-october-2-4-2020 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/33h7fv6sN3ICRCAHdrrMDm Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/489: October 2-4, 2020|Unofficial Transcript]]
    | episodeNumber     = 489
    | length            = 01:52:32
    | airDate           = October 5, 2020
    | coverageStartDate = October 2, 2020
    | coverageEndDate   = October 4, 2020
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[Larry Nichols]], [[Boris Johnson]], [[Dr. Medhiz]], [[Michael Moore]], [[John Bowne]], [[Greg Reese]]
    | previousEpisode   = [[488: The First Debate Spectacular]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[490: October 9, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan check in to see how [[Alex Jones]] is handling the news that [[Donald Trump]] has tested positive for Covid-19. It was a strange weekend for everyone, but few as strange as Alex, starting in denial on Friday and ending up crying on air on Sunday.

==Tidbits==

*[[Larry Nichols]] is dead
*Alex addresses that Trump has Covid
*Alex predicted Trump getting covid
*What if it's a false positive?
*Alex starts from home
*Alex has proof it's a false positive
*90% false positives
*California incentivizes getting covid
*Tennessee Titans have false positives too (no they don't)
*Covid coup! Poisoned diet coke! Buy food!
*Trump could be dead in 2 days
*[[Boris Johnson]] got sprayed with weaponized covid
*If it's not a false positive, it's an assassination
*Alex teases big info
*Why hasn't Trump weighed in?
*Guest: Dr Medhiz, osteopath, antivaxxer
*Dr M: Tetanus vaccine is an abortion vaccine
*Dr. M: Covid 19 vaccine will change your DNA to patent you
*Dr M has tech issues
*Alex was getting secret info from the head of a biotech firm
*Vaccine stacking improv
*Spanish flu was deadly because people were allergic to the virus
*Dr M is being censored
*Dr M: health app will control you
*Michael Moore is a pedophile
*Saturday video: Walter Reed docs are trying to kill Trump
*House Dems make pedo-phobia a hate crime
*Top story: Satanism
*Alex is letting Q take point
*Alex doesn't fearmonger for no reason
*Give Trump hydroxychloroquine... ad pivot
*Is Trump as sick as they say he is?
*Moneybomb announcement!
*Hillary poses with book of satanic glass porn
*Sadboy Alex
*Alex may be drinking
*John Bowne: if you're not Christian, you're a satanist
*Weepy Alex
*[[Greg Reese]] lost his optimism
*Ware is here! Atlantis blew up!
*This war is a Christian Jihad
*God downloads info to Alex's brain
*It's better to be unprepared for work
*Greg: Trump brought a sense of security to the left
*Voicemail

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
