{{Episode
    | title             = November 5-6, 2020
    | caption           = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/500-november-5-6-2020 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber     = 500
    | length            = 01:46:39
    | airDate           = November 9, 2020
    | coverageStartDate = November 5, 2020
    | coverageEndDate   = November 6, 2020
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[Raptor Princess Bex]], [[Amanda Milius]], [[Ali Alexander]], [[Mike Cernovich]], [[James O'Keefe]], [[Matt Bracken]], [[Owen Shroyer]], [[Steve Pieczenik]], [[David Knight]]
    | previousEpisode   = [[499: Jordan Takes The Wheel 5]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[501: November 7-8, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan check in to see how things are going around Infowars after the 2020 election. In this installment, Alex attempts to build a case that the election was stolen, while one of his old friends goes rogue and draws the boring ire of David Knight.

==Tidbits==

*Fuck Alex, no election coverage yet
*Where does Alex go with a Biden presidency?
*Raptor Princess Bex
*Big announcement: permanent lockdown
*China sent ballots for Biden
*Alex walks the line of calling for violence
*America is at war!
*False flags are coming
*Patriots can do false flags, but they don't
*Alex's True Story: Alex's brother-in-law spots election fraud at the post-office
*Do a new election!
*Nullify the election!
*Guest: Amanda Milius, former Hollywood director
*Guest: Ali Alexander, Stop The Steal
*Ali: New election in selected states
*Amanda: Drudge has been replaced
*CNN leased Drudge
*Trump is waiting for the people to act
*Cernovich is brave
*Guest: James O'Keefe: Voter Fraud!
*Alex decides it's time for a road trip
*Why is Trump hiding?
*Alex takes naps to figure stuff out
*We did too much abortion
*Alex isn't mad about tech issues
*Matt Bracken, where should Alex go?
*Owen takes over
*Guest: Steve Pieczenik
*Steve: This is a sting, not a steal
*Steve: every ballot is marked with blockchain
*Steve: Here come arrests
*Steve's watermarks are magic
*Owen loves the watermark
*Steve: China isn't running the Dems
*Steve: Trump knows Obama is a CIA plant
*Steve flatters Owen
*Fudge you, CNN!
*David Knight has to play cleanup after Steve
*David explains Bannon's metaphor
*David makes jokes
*David: Steve is a CIA schill

==Notable Bits==

*Alex's True Story

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]