{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0511:The 12/12 Rallies
}}{{Episode
    | title           = The 12/12 Rallies
    | caption         = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/511-the-1212-rallies Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/4w1VJpbOaJyNXe3xGJCREW Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/511: The 12/12 Rallies|Unofficial Transcript]]
    | episodeNumber   = 511
    | length          = 02:21:08
    | airDate         = December 14, 2020
    | coverageDate    = December 12, 2020
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance      = [[Eric Metaxes]], [[Rob Weaver]], [[Arina Grossu]], [[Sydney Powell]], [[Mike Lindell]], [[General Michael Flynn]], [[Ali Alexander]], [[Ed Martin]], [[Owen Shroyer]], [[Mo Brooks]], [[Leon Benjamin]], [[Jennifer Lawrence]], [[David J Harris]], [[Jack Posobiec]], [[Melissa Carone]], [[Dinesh D'Souza's daughter]], [[Boris Epstein]], [[Reverend Greg Locke]], [[Brian Gibson]], [[Anna Kaye]], [[Bryson Gray]]
    | previousEpisode = [[510: Fourth Time Is Not A Charm]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[512: December 16-17, 2020]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan take a look at a couple of rallies that took place in DC over the weekend. [[Alex Jones]] managed to get on stage at one of them, but what were these rallies really like? Unfortunately, Dan watched them to find out.

==Tidbits==

*Alex is in the streets in DC
*Dueling marches: Women for America First and Jericho March
*Eric Metaxes starts off the Jericho March
*Eric tells the story of the March
*Rob Weaver and Arina Grossu had a vision
*Up next, MyPillow guy has a discount code
*Sydney Powell texted [[Mike Lindell]]
*Mike Lindell explains his prophetic dream
*Mike wants a Christian nation
*Reminder: this is a political rally
*Up next: [[General Michael Flynn|Mike Flynn]]!
*Rob and Arina take the stage
*Rob prays for Melania
*[[Ali Alexander]] wanders on stage
*Ali teases mystery guests, the president is in the sky
*Ed Martin of Phyllis Schlaffly Eagle Forum
*Ed does shout outs to Epoch Times and OAN, but not InfoWars
*Hey, it's Alex!
*Alex works the crowd
*Time for abortion talk
*Alex interprets freedom of religion poorly
*Alex kinda doesn't threaten Biden
*Alex lies about [[George Washington]]
*Alex hands over to Owen
*1776 is god's number
*Owen swings for the fences
*Ed: can you bring your flags down?
*Ali: Moral people are deciding if the government is legit
*Ali is threatening the GOP
*Ali does shout outs, no InfoWars
*Ali loves Mo Brooks
*Ali outlines his plan, Bond villain style: community organizing and voting
*Ali gets signs from god
*Leon Benjamin, bishop and political loser
*The event isn't racist, there's black people here
*12 is the number of the government
*Leon knows how to handle witches
*Alex meets Flynn backstage
*Flynn takes the stage, thanks MyPillow
*Flynn talks about fear
*Helicopter!
*Alex tries to rush stage at Women for Trump rally
*Dan awards rally superlatives
*Jennifer Lawrence, not the actress, Christian Nationalist
*Drunk smoking jacket guy
*David J Harris does a MyPillow ad
*Spreely is the new Facebook
*[[Jack Posobiec]] pass off to Melissa Carone
*Dinesh D'Souza doesn't show up, sends his daughter
*Boris Epstein is drunk?
*Boris: get the flags up!
*New Jersey gym owner speaks, has a website to list businesses that stay open
*Reverend Locke of Tennessee puts the devil on notice
*Brian Gibson can't pass out Easter eggs
*Anna Kaye has a message for the devil
*Chanting for Jesus to end abortion
*Flags down!
*Bryson Gray raps
*MAGA Season
*MAGA Christmas

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
