{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0537:July 16-18, 2010
}}{{Episode
    | title             = July 16-18, 2010
    | caption           = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/537-july-16-18-2010 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/2tbn4XfTZjcbZC7Q76xI0q Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/537: July 16-18, 2010|Unofficial Transcript]]
    | episodeNumber     = 537
    | length            = 01:51:47
    | airDate           = March 3, 2021
    | coverageStartDate = July 16, 2010
    | coverageEndDate   = July 18, 2010
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Time Travel|Time Travel]]
    | appearance        = [[Paul Joseph Watson]], [[Aaron Dykes]], [[Chandra Levy]], [[Bob Chapman]], [[Jim Puplava]]
    | previousEpisode   = [[536: February 28, 2021]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[538: March 2, 2021]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan go on a time-traveling adventure to gather some more information about the day back in 2010 when Alex supposedly first covered the "[[Operation Lockstep]]" document. In this installment, Alex says "hanky panky" twice, and a painfully transparent SEO scam is hatched.

==Tidbits==

*InfoWars Video: Alex predicted Lockstep in 2010... ad plug
*BP has stopped Deepwater Horizon spill
*Alex teases Rockefeller document
*Totality of analysis: PJW article
*They're changing your DNA
*Alex pilled Aaron Dykes
*Alex has warehouses full of proof
*Difference between video edit and original clip
*McDonalds puts silicone in its food
*Why does Alex trust BP?
*Caller: The knowledge ruined my life
*Marriage burned lust out of Alex
*Alex's plan: google bomb The Obama Deception
*Alex has to cheat because globalists cheat
*Pearl Harbor was a false flag
*Caller: Angel Eyes: you should interview Chandra Levy's aunt
*Google bomb is working! Buy my movies!
*Caller: Matt in DC: Alex is so smart, run for office
*Alex's True Story: Alex is too popular for office
*100% election fraud in Austin
*Here's how to use google
*Caller: use an auto search function
*Guest: Bob Chapman: buy gold
*Alex is fired up for Sunday
*Yay BP!
*First amendment is under attack
*Google bomb worked! The feds struck back!
*Obama is jealous of Alex's popularity
*Months long argument in Obama Deception comments
*Taking down Obama Deception is a federal crime
*Alex's True Story: YouTube user watches the hack
*How to fight back: google bomb
*Globalists want BP spill to trend over Obama Deception
*Google bomb InfoWars!
*Google and the feds won't let Alex make movies
*Feds are going after blogs on Blogitry
*The can't censor real life, buy the sequel to Obama Deception
*It's all over! Buy my movies!
*Caller: Debate Jim Puplava
*Alex doesn't promote enough

==Notable Bits==

*Alex's True Story

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Time Travel]]
