{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0539:March 10, 2021
}}{{Episode
    | title           = March 10, 2021
    | caption         = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/539-march-10-2021 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/0KigfCTHcA3oUNvZ8H3Zy5 Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/539: March 10, 2021|Unofficial Transcript]]
    | episodeNumber   = 539
    | length          = 01:26:10
    | airDate         = March 12, 2021
    | coverageDate    = March 10, 2021
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance      = [[Harrison Smith]], [[George Floyd]], [[Marjorie Taylor Greene‏‎]], [[Rob Dew]], [[Stewart Rhodes]]
    | previousEpisode = [[538: March 2, 2021]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[540: March 15-16, 2021]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan are disappointed to learn that Alex Jones has been hanging out in a Florida grocery store all week, so they turn their attention to the Infowars morning show, The American Journal. In this installment, Stewart Rhodes makes poor excuses for his actions, and conversation on the Journal takes a turn toward the Nazi side of things.

==Tidbits==

*Correction: [[Stefan Molyneux]] spoke in Melbourne, not New Zealand
*Alex goes to Naples, FL for mask rebellion in grocery store
*Alex goes on Flagrant Two podcast
*Let's talk about Harrison Smith and American Journal
*Harrison has sound effects
*We're approaching WWIII
*Harrison has thoughts on George Floyd
*Biden doesn't give enough press briefings
*Marjorie Taylor Greene‏‎ is cool
*Background: Charleston Loophole
*Rob Dew messed up Harrison's show
*Caller: Easter and Passover are on the same day this year
*Pope says climate change is a new flood
*Harrison talks about The Flood
*LGBTQ are immoral and stole the rainbow from god
*Caller: Cavachill is a great product
*Caller: Let's have a panel with all the terrible people
*Caller: Jan 6 was the start of the 2nd American revolution
*Caller: ZOG!
*Caller: New World Order? More like Jew World Order!
*Caller: Have you heard of PEZ?
*ADL and SPLC are Jewish organizations that run the FBI
*Globalist isn't a code word
*Harrison interviews Stewart Rhodes
*Jan 6 was an inside job
*Stewart: no one had guns!
*Stewart is trying to spin conspiracy charge
*[[Oathkeepers]] Signal chat logs
*Stewart: North Carolina went rogue
*Stewart misrepresents charges
*We're in post constitution America
*Stewart: purge the GOP
*Stewart, what should people do?

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
