{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0540:March 15-16, 2021
}}{{Episode
    | title             = March 15-16, 2021
    | caption           = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/540-march-15-16-2021 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/4TuHNWwAwXHPqMpyYgP5po Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/540: March 15-16, 2021|Unofficial Transcript]], View discussion on [https://reddit.com/m6t26o Reddit]
    | episodeNumber     = 540
    | length            = 01:52:33
    | airDate           = March 17, 2021
    | coverageStartDate = March 15, 2021
    | coverageEndDate   = March 16, 2021
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[Marvin Hagler]], [[Hank Aaron]], [[Beyonce]], [[Jay Z]], [[Tucker Carlson]], [[Bill Gates]], [[Zbigniew Brzezinski]], [[Stew Peters]], [[Mike Adams]], [[Stewart Rhodes]]
    | previousEpisode   = [[539: March 10, 2021]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[541: March 17-18, 2021]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan welcome Alex Jones back from his Floridian grocery store based vacation.  In this installment, Alex lies about some celebrity deaths, decides that Avatar is predictive programming, and ruins Jordan's faith in people named Stew.

==Tidbits==

*Birthdays moving to end of month
*Happy birthday Mitch W
*Happy birthday Adrian
*Happy Birthday Dylan
*Water drop: drink some water
*Low energy Alex goes straigt to special report
*Covid vaccine killed Marvin Hagler and Hank Aaron
*Alex teases big news from Florida
*Special report: Fuck the Grammy awards
*Beyonce and Jay Z do Crowlian magic
*They won't tell you about the vaccine killing people
*Alex wants to quit over his earpiece
*Alex's True Story: Florida bigwigs named Alex the leader of the revolution
*How does Alex know things?
*Alex has completed his mission
*Globalists blame everything on climate change
*Biden brings in fentanyl
*The left totally sucks
*The Pentagon is attacking Tucker
*Alex is a linguist and innovator
*Astrazenica vaccine gives you bloodclots
*Globalist Plan: Avatar
*Polar bears live on ice! Take that, global warming!
*Caller: Patriot Doctor has patients dying from Astrazenica vaccine
*Alex references Silent Weapons for Quiet Wars (see episode 381)
*Alex tries to start a chain email
*mRNA causes sterilization
*Who is Irishman1776?
*Push this email or die... ad plug
*Bill Gates works for the Rockefellers
*Crimson Contagion
*Zbigniew Brzezinski
*Kill everyone
*Guest: Stew Peters, not Stu Peters, knows all the buzzwords
*Stew doesn't do data and numbers
*Guest: Mike Adams: avoid vaccinated people
*Vaccines lead to race war
*Mike: Vaccine holocaust!
*Guest: Stewart Rhodes
*Stewart, should we kill people yet?

==Notable Bits==

*Alex's True Story
*Globalist Plan

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
