{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0545:March 30-31, 2021
}}{{Episode
    | title             = March 30-31, 2021
    | caption           = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/545-march-30-31-2021 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/7dmtUzTATp8uhaeABoEZ0C Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/545: March 30-31, 2021|Unofficial Transcript]], View discussion on [https://reddit.com/mijzh4 Reddit]
    | episodeNumber     = 545
    | length            = 01:15:24
    | airDate           = April 2, 2021
    | coverageStartDate = March 30, 2021
    | coverageEndDate   = March 31, 2021
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance        = [[Matt Gaetz]], [[Roger Stone]], [[G Gordon Liddy]], [[Elon Musk]], [[Joe Scarborough]], [[Marjorie Taylor Greene]], [[General Michael Flynn]], [[Stewart Rhodes]]
    | oocDrop           = Sometimes you gotta hit a mule in the head with a 2x4
    | previousEpisode   = [[544: May 1, 2003]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[546: April 1-3, 2021]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan check in on the present day on the Alex Jones Show. In this installment, Alex laments how women are traitors, and spends a bizarre amount of time defending Matt Gaetz against the recent allegations that have been raised against him.

==Tidbits==

*It's official: permanent lockdown!
*Women love Stockholm syndrome
*Misogyny and slavery revisionism
*Editorial: Normal is overrated
*Immigrants are getting on planes with bags of cash and no ID
*FBI waves background checks for migrant facility workers
*Big bombshells: Matt Gaetz is telling the truth
*Guest: Roger Stone, Gaetz's friend
*RIP, G Gordon Liddy
*January 6 prosecutions are falling apart
*At least Elon is trying to go to space
*Matt Gaetz? What about Joe Scarborough?
*People claim Alex ate a goldfish
*Alex's True Story: Alex got extorted
*Make this about Bill Gates and the Clintons
*Marjorie Taylor Greene: future of the GOP
*Gaetz likes to party
*Roger: Gaetz 2024
*Roger: FBI, release the tapes!
*NYT reporter reached out to Roger
*Roger, lead us in prayer
*What about Flynn for president?
*Guest: Stewart Rhodes and his lawyer
*Lawyer: antifa funded January 6
*Stewart: Summer of rage!

==Notable Bits==

*Alex's True Story

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
