{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0574:May 28-29, 2003
}}{{Episode
    | title             = May 28-29, 2003
    | caption           = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/574-may-28-29-2021 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber     = 574
    | length            = 01:48:23
    | airDate           = July 7, 2021
    | coverageStartDate = May 28, 2003
    | coverageEndDate   = May 29, 2003
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:2003 Investigation|2003 Investigation]]
    | appearance        = [[Bill McFallen]], [[Michael Haga]]
    | oocDrop           = No grandchildren for you
    | previousEpisode   = [[573: July 1, 2021]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[575: July 4, 2021]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan check in on the past.  In this installment, Alex reveals that some of his more sensible-sounding positions are actually dumb, interviews a guy his audience clearly hates, and gets a call from a guy who recently lost a tiger.

==Tidbits==

*Happy Birthday: Maddy, Gøril, Michael D, DW Static, Every wonk in the world
*Death penalty moratorium in NC
*Alex is pro-death penalty moratorium because he doesn't trust the government
*Alex is anti-drug
*Execution stats
*They haven't found WMD's in Iraq... yet
*Caller: drugs are bad, but weed is ok
*Caller: death penalty isn't a deterrent
*Caller: criminal island
*Caller: less mercy, more death penalty
*Caller: cops looked around my land and were polite
*CPS rant
*Cops want to take your land
*Make copies of my movies!
*Guest: Water filter sponsor
*Scratch and dent water filter sale
*Seatbelt initiative is to raid your car
*Special report: population control in Brazil
*History of birth control in Brazil
*NSSM 200
*Vaccines are lowering sperm count and sterilizing women
*Alex doesn't make things up, it's time to act now
*AMA is part of the military, CIA, and Nazis
*Is Alex fighting the literal Christian devil?
*Guest: Bill McFallen
*Sponsor: herbalhealer.com
*Click it or ticket targets patriots
*Schools are adding thumbscanners for school lunch... buy my movie!
*Caller: The military took my siberian tiger cub
*How many tiger cub incidents can there be in Minnesota in 2003?
*Grant from Tiger Zone
*Guest: Michael Haga
*Caller: Where's my fucking gold?

==Detailed Show Notes==

Topics Covered<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2021/7/6/episode-574-may-28-29-2003 Episode 574: May 28-29, 2003]</ref>:

*Alex reveals some details about his positions on the death penalty and drug legalization.
*Alex is opposed to federal executions, but supports state executions. [https://www.bop.gov/about/history/federal_executions.jsp Almost all executions] are carried out by states, and federal executions had stopped for 17 years [https://apnews.com/article/donald-trump-wildlife-coronavirus-pandemic-crime-terre-haute-28e44cc5c026dc16472751bbde0ead50 before Donald Trump began the practice again].
*[https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/pressroom/sosmap/homicide_mortality/homicide.htm CDC numbers] do not reflect a deterrent effect for states that have the death penalty. Studies consistently find that there is no deterrent effect.
*"[https://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.472.2455&rep=rep1&type=pdf The Context of Family Planning in Brazil]"
*[https://pdf.usaid.gov/pdf_docs/PCAAB500.pdf National Security Study Memorandum 200]
*[https://www.jstor.org/stable/3401499 Population and Development Review article]
*[https://www.cleveland19.com/story/2885663/fingerprint-school-lunch-programs-raise-concern/ Fingerprinting for school lunches in Ohio was not mandatory]
*[https://www.peta.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/cub-incidents-us-factsheet.pdf PETA list of tiger incidents]
*[https://buffalonews.com/news/woman-hospitalized-in-attack-by-tigers/article_de2d28d1-2f27-5df7-b60d-d3b29b6e2d69.html Grant arrested in 2005 after another tiger attacks]
*[https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/minnesota-tiger-man#/ Trailer for documentary about Alex's caller who had their tigers seized]

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:2003 Investigation]]