{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0584:August 5, 2021
}}{{Episode
    | title           = August 5, 2021
    | caption         = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/584-august-5-2021 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/52ImZN8afU55zK2cMPn3bM Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/584: August 5, 2021|Unofficial Transcript]], View discussion on [https://reddit.com/p0ugxu Reddit]
    | episodeNumber   = 584
    | length          = 01:24:14
    | airDate         = August 9, 2021
    | coverageDate    = August 5, 2021
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance      = [[Robert Barnes]], [[Jack Posobiec]], [[Mike Lindell]], [[Julian Reichelt]], [[Karen Kingston]], [[Ivory Hecker]]
    | oocDrop         = The human implementation of Christianity has been deeply flawed *Moonlight Sonata*; I'm heterosexual and I like my wife but...
    | previousEpisode = [[583: August 1, 2021]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[585: August 8, 2021]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan check in on things from the end of the week on the Alex Jones Show.  In this installment, Alex has a very definite prediction based on amazing source, which actually may not happen, and even if it doesn't happen, he's still right if you think about it.  Also, Alex gets defensive about his financial ties with the MyPillow Guy.

==Tidbits==

*Celine's animals: Basil the possum
*Barnes will explain the legality of Alex's anouncement
*Per Jack Posobiec, 2nd lockdown on August 11
*FEMA to run internet takeover drill
*This is just Qanon and Mike Lindell bullshit
*Mike Lindell cyber symposium commercial
*MyPillow and myself
*Lockdown will include climate emergency
*They may push the lockdown a few days
*Julian Reichelt of Bild apologizes for over-sensationalizing covid coverage
*Bild is the mouth of the establishment run by the CIA
*InfoWars video: Karen Kingston interview
*Karen Kingston: Pfizer whistleblower
*Eviction moratorium is unconstitutional
*August or January?
*Delta? what about the bubonic plague?
*New York launches vaccine passport... moving on
*Guest: Ivory Hecker, censored news reporter
*Ivory pushes her paywalled website
*Ivory doesn't play the propaganda game with Alex correctly
*Ivory: people prefer video to words
*Fake George Orwell quote
*Why are athletes censored at the Olympics?
*Tamyra Mensah-Stock info
*Mike isn't paying Alex, it's profit sharing
*Ivory responds to Mike's commercial
*Ivory: if you're in a lawsuit, why not let Mike go public?
*Ivory: they made me report on sidewalk chalk instead of the truth
*Dominion machine certification background
*Insane Q&A with Barnes
*Here's how I would kill people with vaccines
*Alex gets gross about sex
*I'm not against the Jews, why are they doing this to us?
*What's it like to be as smart as I am?
*Even if nothing happens, Alex is right

==Detailed Show Notes==

Topics covered<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2021/8/8/episode-584-august-5-2021 Episode #584: August 5, 2021]</ref>:

*Alex makes very insistent predictions that Biden will declare martial law lockdowns on August 11. If this doesn't happen or happens on another date, Alex believes that he's still correct in his reporting because him covering the idea of martial law being declared on the 11th is what made martial law not be declared on the 11th.
*Alex uses [https://www.fema.gov/press-release/20210611/fema-and-fcc-plan-nationwide-emergency-alert-test-aug-11-test-messages-will an upcoming Emergency Alert System test] to reinforce his predictions about August 11.
*Alex's new benefactor Mike Lindell is running [https://www.dakotanewsnow.com/2021/07/23/mike-lindell-says-his-sioux-falls-cyber-symposium-will-prove-election-fraud-experts-have-doubts/ an absurd Cyber Symposium] Aug. 10-12
*DHS has [https://www.cnn.com/2021/08/06/politics/homeland-security-warning-political-conspiracy-threat-violence/index.html warned of increased online threats] of violence surrounding election conspiracies
*Bild editor-in-chief [https://de.rt.com/inland/121789-bild-chef-entschuldigt-sich-fur/ apologized for Covid coverage] back in May
*"[https://www.bild.de/politik/kolumnen/kolumne/kommentar-von-bild-chef-julian-reichelt-donald-trump-wird-in-schande-leben-74784700.bild.html Donald Trump Will Live In Shame]"
*[https://www.cia.gov/readingroom/docs/CIA-RDP83M00914R002800050073-1.pdf 1982 letter of introduction] for Bild founder to the Director of the CIA
*Alex is endorsing Karen Kingston's Covid vaccine conspiracies, [https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/graphene-oxide-mrna-vaccines/ which are dumb]
*Some people [https://www.cdc.gov/plague/maps/index.html do still get the bubonic plague]
*The media [https://www.cnn.com/2021/07/24/us/colorado-plague-10-year-old-death/index.html did cover the recent CO death] related to the plague
*[https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2021/aug/03/lake-tahoe-chipmunks-bubonic-plague South Lake Tahoe was closed] over concerns about plague-infected chipmunks
*Alex warns that NY is going to roll out vaccine passports, but he's just misreporting a story about the Excelsior Pass, which NY introduced in March, and [https://www.governor.ny.gov/news/governor-cuomo-announces-launch-excelsior-pass-help-fast-track-reopening-businesses-and is entirely voluntary]
*Alex interviews [https://www.thedailybeast.com/local-fox-reporter-ivory-hecker-suspended-for-live-on-air-project-veritas-stunt Ivory Hecker], the local Houston Fox reporter who quit on air, revealing that she was going to spill the beans to Project Veritas
*Ivory may have not been censored by CPAC, [https://www.thedailybeast.com/cpac-attendees-turn-on-conference-sponsorfox-news nor by Fox Nation]
*The TX Secretary of State has reviewed Dominion election software [https://www.sos.texas.gov/elections/laws/dominion.shtml three times], in 2012 and two times in [https://www.sos.texas.gov/elections/forms/sysexam/oct2019-watson.pdf 2019]. Each time, various concerns were raised, and Texas decided not to use their system.
*The [https://www.eac.gov/voting-equipment/democracy-suite-55-modification Election Assistance Commission], as well as the states of [https://www.votespa.com/About-Elections/Pages/Dominion-Democracy-Suite-55A.aspx Pennsylvania] and [https://www.sos.wa.gov/_assets/elections/research/democracy-suite-5.5-report.pdf Washington] have also reviewed the same software and found it to be satisfactory
*Alex's Orwell quote [https://quoteinvestigator.com/2013/02/24/truth-revolutionary/ is not an actual Orwell quote]

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
