{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0622:June 30-July 1, 2003
}}{{Episode
    | title             = June 30-July 1, 2003
    | caption           = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/622-june-30-july-1-2003 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/5a5cqlAWTemJf3dXZUsjj5 Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/622: June 30-July 1, 2003|Unofficial Transcript]]
    | episodeNumber     = 622
    | length            = 01:11:07
    | airDate           = December 2, 2021
    | coverageStartDate = June 30, 2003
    | coverageEndDate   = July 1, 2003
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:2003 Investigation|2003 Investigation]]
    | appearance        = [[Mike Hanson]], [[Catherine Bertini]], [[Texe Marrs]]
    | previousEpisode   = [[621: Reset Wars: Episode 1]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[623: July 2-3, 2003]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan dip into the past.  In this installment, the gents learn that they might have been a little off about Alex's history of Satanism claims.  Also, the show takes a turn for the homophobic, and Alex ends up getting some pushback from callers.

==Tidbits==

*Guest: [[Mike Hanson]], selling fireworks to run for Constable
*News in Scotland: Paganism is the fastest growing religion because of Harry Potter
*Commercial: invest in Euros
*Spartans are a homosexual death cult
*Bush is pushing for forced vaccines
*Caller: There's gay people everywhere
*CPS takes kids and gives them to homosexuals
*Caller: have you seen the trailer for League of Extraordinary Gentlemen? They're all insane!
*Guest: Stuart Gerstacker, CPS took his kids in a divorce
*Transcript: Stuart declares state of emergency in Travis County, declares new state
*Caller: Grant with the tiger cub, they're doing witchcraft to him
*They're digging up satanic sacrifices everywhere in Europe
*Alex confirms his High School satanic background
*Continuity of government! Con-Con!
*Caller: Do you have that John Ashcroft speech about losing your liberty?
*Thomas Payne quote about guns
*UN quote: Catherine Bertini, Food is power
*Have you ever been to a satanic meeting? Do you know what the soltice is?
*Alex studied the occult with Texe Marrs
*Caller: Why are you so homophobic?
*Caller: Why are you sponsored by Euro speculators?

==Detailed Show Notes==

Topics covered<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2021/11/30/episode-622-june-30-july-1-2003 Episode #622: June 30-July 1, 2003]</ref>:

*In homage to the shields of the Spartans, the letter lambda has become strongly associated with the military, including being present in many military [http://militaryfraternity.com/become-a-lambda-man/ fraternities] and [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lambda_Beta_Alpha sorority] names
*[https://www.worldhistory.org/Sacred_Band_of_Thebes/ The Sacred Band of Thebes]
*Alex's friend Mike Hansen is running for constable and funding the run by operating a firework stand
*Alex does not understand the League of Extraordinary Gentlemen
*Stuart Gerstacker's is not a story of the CPS stealing children, it was an [https://web.archive.org/web/20160415180307/http://kidnappedson.blogspot.com/ ugly divorce], and he was clearly an unwell person, as evidenced by this [https://www2.traviscountytx.gov/commissioners_court/agendas/2007/07/text/vs070703_01.asp Commissioners Court transcript]
*The bill that would have made the Secretary of Homeland Security eighth in the line of succession [https://www.congress.gov/bill/108th-congress/senate-bill/148 passed the Senate] but [https://www.congress.gov/bill/108th-congress/house-bill/2319?r=65&s=1 did not pass in the House]
*Secretary of Homeland Security was made [https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/3/19 #18 in the line of succession] in 2006
*Alex misrepresents [https://www.c-span.org/video/?167674-1%2Fanti-terrorism-policy-review John Ashcroft's comment]s before the Senate Committee on the Judiciary
*This Thomas Paine quote is from a text called [https://www.bartleby.com/184/112.html Thoughts on Defensive War], and [https://books.google.com/books/about/New_Directions_in_Thomas_Paine_Studies.html?id=5BYtnQAACAAJ scholars are not in agreement] that it was actually Paine who wrote it
*An example of [https://itistreason.wordpress.com/category/obama/ the conspiracy theorist usage] of Catherine Bertini's words about using food as leverage
*Text of the report from the [https://authoring.prod.unwomen.org/sites/default/files/Headquarters/Attachments/Sections/CSW/PFA_E_Final_WEB.pdf 1995 World Conference on Women]
*[https://www.un.org/esa/gopher-data/conf/fwcw/conf/una/950906150325.txt Full context of Bertini's comments]

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:2003 Investigation]]
