{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0628:July 10, 2003
}}{{Episode
    | title           = July 10, 2003
    | caption         = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/628-july-10-2003 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/1axDcp8sFGMwMRc3tCK99D Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/628: July 10, 2003|Unofficial Transcript]]
    | episodeNumber   = 628
    | length          = 01:34:42
    | airDate         = December 17, 2021
    | coverageDate    = July 10, 2003
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:2003 Investigation|2003 Investigation]]
    | appearance      = [[Donald Rumsfeld]], [[Dick Cheney]], [[Gary Busey]], [[Ann Coulter]], [[Prescott Bush]], [[Lyndon LaRouche]]
    | previousEpisode = [[627: Reset Wars: Episode 2]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[629: Black Goo and Space Covid]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan dip back into the past to take in a rare treat.  In this installment, Alex invites [[Ann Coulter]] onto the show hoping to humiliate her with his debate skills and superior grasp on "the truth."  This does not go well.

==Tidbits==

*Guest: Big big neocon
*If Alex announces his neocon guest, they'll cancel
*Mystery guest is a slimy creature for Alex to crush
*Caller: What happened to the July 4 terror attack? Homeschool your kids to avoid a terror attack
*Caller: Dan from Illinois: Rumsfeld said it's not about WMDs
*Rumsfeld and Cheney said in 1998 that Saddam isn't a threat
*Slaves deserved it because no one can take your rights against your will
*Caller: you should go on The Daily Show
*Gary Busey likes Alex
*Guest
*Ann Coulter, Neocon Princess
*Does Ann support McCarthy enough?
*Background: Vinone Intercepts
*Alex sucks up to Ann
*Ann, are you a neocon?
*Ann: what are open borders?
*Bush supports the Pan-American union
*Ann: don't just complain, do something
*Alex makes Ann's point for her
*You're just a mascot
*Ann gets fed up with Alex
*America's history with UNESCO
*Have you read Patriot Act 2?
*Caller: Alex knows more than you
*Ann: I support the war on terror
*Ann: show me how liberties have been infringed
*Caller: Ann, how do you feel about Bohemian Grove?
*Bush parties with male prostitutes at Bohemian Grove
*Ann: you are all insane
*Caller: Prescott Bush was a nazi
*Ann: you're LaRouche-ites
*9/11 bullshit, Ann isn't playing ball
*Caller: Bush sucks
*Ann: Good luck to Lyndon LaRouche
*Don't buy Ann's book

==Detailed Show Notes==

Topics covered<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2021/12/16/episode-628-july-10-2003 Episode #628: July 10, 2003]</ref>:

*Alex invites Ann Coulter onto the show in a misguided attempt to humiliate her for her neo-conservatism
*The Project for the New American Century wrote two letters in 1998 about Saddam Hussein, one to [https://web.archive.org/web/20040207055019/http://www.newamericancentury.org/iraqclintonletter.htm President Clinton] and one to the [https://web.archive.org/web/20040221062453/http://www.newamericancentury.org/iraqletter1998.htm GOP leadership]
*Alex weirdly never discusses the [https://www.nsa.gov/portals/75/documents/about/cryptologic-heritage/historical-figures-publications/publications/coldwar/venona_story.pdf Venona] [https://www.nsa.gov/Helpful-Links/NSA-FOIA/Declassification-Transparency-Initiatives/Historical-Releases/Venona/ Intercepts] when talking about the Soviet menace
*[https://web.archive.org/web/20060301083602/https://www.senate.gov/artandhistory/history/common/generic/McCarthy_Transcripts.htm Joseph McCarthy sucked] and [https://web.archive.org/web/20060615173752/http://eisenhowermemorial.org/stories/Ike-Milton-McCarthy.htm got books burned]
*Alex is worried about the creation of a Pan American Union, even though some form of that exact thing has existed [https://www.oas.org/en/about/our_history.asp since 1889]
*The story of re-joining and leaving UNESCO is far more complicated than Alex reports it as. Also, in 2013 the US stopped paying dues [https://news.un.org/en/story/2011/10/393562-unesco-votes-admit-palestine-full-member because UNESCO let Palestine join], and then [https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2017/10/12/u-s-withdraws-from-unesco-the-u-n-s-cultural-organization-citing-anti-israel-bias/ left in 2017], owing over $600 million
*S22 was [https://www.congress.gov/bill/108th-congress/senate-bill/22/text a dead bill] and doesn't include the things Alex claims
*[https://www.supremecourt.gov/opinions/03pdf/03-6696.pdf Yusef Hamdi] was the American taken to Camp X-Ray
*[https://web.archive.org/web/20050608081331/http://www.prisonplanet.com/articles/july2004/220704gaypornstar.htm Prison Planet article] about porn star at Bohemian Grove. [http://www.voxfux.com/features/bush_child_sex_coverup/WashingtonTimes.htm Washington Times] article. [https://whorulesamerica.ucsc.edu/power/bohemian_grove_spy.html Spy Magazine] piece
*[https://www.cia.gov/library/abbottabad-compound/FC/FC8AEB056C2C32F10AFC327BA91F4A45_The_Bohemian_Grove_and_Other_Retreats.rtf.pdf G. William Domhoff book] that discusses "river jumping"
*Fritz Thyssen's [http://www.fpp.co.uk/docs/Irving/RadDi/2010/images/Thyssen_lo.pdf letters published in Life]
*Even the ADL [https://www.adl.org/news/article/prescott-bushs-alleged-nazi-ties does not approve] of calling Prescott Bush a nazi

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:2003 Investigation]]
