{{Episode|title=Formulaic Objections Part 4|caption=[https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/618-november-15-2021 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]|length=02:46:06|episodeNumber=641|airDate=January 25, 2022|episodeType=[[Formulaic Objections]]|appearance=[[Mark Bankston]], [[Daria Karpova]], [[Leonard Pozner]], [[Neil Heslin]], [[Owen Shroyer]], [[Jim Fetzer]], [[David Knight]], [[Steve Pieczenik]], [[Wolfgang Halbig]], [[Rob Dew]], [[Dan Bidondi]], [[Corey Skolenka]]|previousEpisode=[[640: January 22, 2022]]|nextEpisode=[[642: January 24, 2022]]}}{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan break down the recent depositions that were done with Infowars corporate representative<ref>https://www.gelaw.com/ge/articles/The%20Role%20and%20Function%20of%20Corporate%20Representatives%20at%20Trial.pdf</ref> [[Daria Karpova|Daria]] and [[Alex Jones]] himself.  Also, [[Mark Bankston]] drops by to provide some surprising context.

== Tidbits==

* Sandy Hook depositions
* Conversation with Mark Banston
* Mark reached out to [[Dan Friesen|Dan]] to consult on [[Texas Sandy Hook Lawsuit (Heslin v. Jones)|Sandy Hook case]]
* Corporate representative: Daria Karpova
*Did you ever apologize for Sandy Hook?
*Alex has questions about Sandy Hook, [[Jussie Smollett]], the CIA, Operation Northwoods, Roe v Wade, WMDs in Iraq, and Bubba Wallace
*Alex explains juries
*Mark: you're mad about the default
*Alex believes he's in compliance
*Do you know you didn't answer discovery?
*Did you ever find the Bloomberg email?
*Mark, you don't have respect for America
*Let's talk audience size
*How many people have you physically killed?
*Let's talk about [[Leonard Pozner|Lenny Pozner]]
*Where did this background check on Lenny Pozner come from?
*What question are you answering?
* Let's talk about [[Neil Heslin]]
*Alex throws [[Owen Shroyer|Owen]] under the bus
*Alex explains the editorial process
* Let's talk about [[Jim Fetzer]]'s credibility
*Let's talk about [[David Knight]] and [[Steve Pieczenik]]
*Neil Heslin wants your guns
* The jury should investigate Sandy Hook themselves
*Did you ever promote Fetzer's book?
*Let's talk about [[Wolfgang Halbig]]
* Wolfgang: Rob, have your uncle verify this superbowl picture
*Fucked up Halbig emails
*[[Daria Karpova|Daria]]'s deposition
* Daria has documents for review: Wikipedia pages, biographies of Wolfgang Halbig, Steve Pieczenik, article on Leonard Pozner
*Why would a Jewish person have an open casket funeral?
* When did you watch the listed videos?
*Where is [[Nico Acosta|Nico]]?
*Wolfgang is the expert, so he's not crazy
*A fake picture means the kids might still be alive
*How was Sandy Hook in the news in 2015?
*Dan Bidondi recommends guest for Sandy Hook documentary in 2018
*Have her answer the question, Brad
*Dan Bidondi is a good reporter
*Have Sandy Hook videos been made strategically?
*Wolfgang Halbig has been memory holed on the internet
*Halbig bio by [[Dr Eowyn]], who wrote for Fetzer's book
*Daria responds to Halbig's emails
*Daria doesn't know who's suing her
*Why does InfoWars have a background check on Lenny Pozner?
*Do you know who Corey Skolenka is?; Be nice, Daria is doing her best

==Out of Context Drop==
Jar Jar Binks? Don't know him

==Outro==
'''Dan''': ''"We'll be back. But until then, I'm Neo. I'm [[leo Zagami|Leo]]. I'm [[Desiax Clark]]. I'm [[Darrel Rundus]]."''<br>
'''[[Steve Quayle]] [sound drop]''': ''"And now here comes the sex robots."''

[[Category:Legal Proceedings]]

<references />
[[Category:Formulaic Objections]]