{{Episode
    | title           = February 11, 2022
    | caption         = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/648-february-11-2022 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber   = 648
    | length          = 01:43:36
    | airDate         = February 14, 2022
    | coverageDate    = February 11, 2022
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | appearance      = [[John Bowne]], [[Neil Young]], [[Klaus Schwab]], [[Joe Rogan]]
    | previousEpisode = [[647: February 8, 2022]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[649: February 14, 2022]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan follow Alex's advice to mark Feb. 11 on their calendars as the day that the Globalists' plot collapsed entirely. Also, Alex tries to walk back Rogan's apology for him, and explains what it's like to be in the literal presence of God.

==Tidbits==

*Mark your calenders: covid collapsed today
*No crime in Ottawa thanks to truckers
*This is nonviolent resistance at its best
*Covid is defeated, but it may come back
*Israel scraps Greenpass. Boom, victory!
*Graphene turns mRNA vaccine into chips in your blood
*If you slash tires, you can't move the trucks
*Creepy voice
*Alex wants calls from truckers
*Alex predicts false flag on truckers
*John Bowne report: Neil Young is a tool of the globalists
*Martial law in Ottowa!
*Try Klaus Schwab for crimes against humanity
*Don't call if you're not a trucker
*Caller: InfoWars banners on highways!
*Coming soon: Call only show
*First Canada, next Texas
*Alex isn't a hero, this is self preservation
*They started it, no more apologies, time for action
*Rogan didn't apologize, he clarified
*Alex doesn't like words that hurt a class of people
*Alex wants to reclaim the n-word
*Alex's True Story: Alex wore a lame shirt
*Biden says we're at war!
*Trucker convoy was too successful
*Globalists knew war was coming last year
*Caller breaks Alex's mind
*You know it's real because they hate Christians
*The Patriots are definitely winning
*Globalists have lots of dirty tricks
*God did everything in Alex's career
*God created people to kill Satan
*God is lonely
*God needs warriors, Alex needs money

==Notable Bits==

*Alex's True Story

==Detailed Show Notes==

Topics covered<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2022/2/13/episode-648-february-11-2022 Episode #648: February 11, 2022]</ref>:

*Alex claims that the crime rate in Ottawa is currently almost zero. [https://www.nbcnews.com/news/-just-dont-feel-safe-ottawa-residents-describe-fears-trucker-protest-c-rcna15218 There are] [https://www.ottawapolice.ca/Modules/News/index.aspx?lang=en&newsId=eea9ddff-2d3a-4327-8a2b-34fa5c39579c crimes happening] and a drastic [https://www.ottawapolice.ca/Modules/News/index.aspx?lang=en&newsId=6a1ea331-1152-4592-a365-884abcd8778c increase in reported hate-motivated crimes] compared to [https://www.ottawapolice.ca/en/news-and-community/resources/Hate-Crimes-2019-2020.pdf past years]
*The largest impact of the trucker blockade of the border has been [https://www.cnn.com/2022/02/10/business/canadian-trucker-protest-us-canada-auto-plants/index.html on the automotive industry], which may hurt the manufacturing sector in American jobs, which Alex should be worried about
*[https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/infection-rate-keeps-falling-as-covid-cabinet-set-to-debate-green-pass-scheme-1.10581685 Israel rolled back] their Green Pass system, but it wasn't for [https://www.i24news.tv/en/news/coronavirus/1642963469-israel-s-health-ministry-considering-scrapping-green-pass-rules very inspiring reasons]
*Alex makes up a story about [https://physicsworld.com/a/graphene-biosensor-will-drive-new-innovations-in-brain-controlled-robotics/ a Physics World article] out of whole cloth
*There is an emergency declaration [https://ottawa.ca/en/news/mayor-watson-declares-state-emergency-ottawa-due-ongoing-demonstration in Ottawa] and [https://toronto.ctvnews.ca/ontario-declares-a-state-of-emergency-to-end-siege-in-ottawa-and-windsor-1.5777336 in Ontario]
*Alex [https://www.businessinsider.com/biden-wont-send-troops-rescue-americans-if-russia-attacks-ukraine-2022-2 misreports a headline] about Biden's comments about Russia
*Alex rambles a bunch about how he's been in God's literal presence

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
