{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0066:September 6-17, 2015
}}{{Episode
    | title             = September 6-17, 2015
    | caption           = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-sep-6-17-2015 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/0iMuGWplrQigVyeaTTRP9W Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/66: September 6-17, 2015|Unofficial Transcript]]
    | episodeNumber     = 66
    | length            = 04:01:44
    | airDate           = July 25, 2017
    | coverageStartDate = September 6, 2015
    | coverageEndDate   = September 17, 2015
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:2015 Investigation|2015 Investigation]]
    | appearance        = [[Tom Arnold]], [[John McAfee]], [[Joseph Farah]], [[Joe Biggs]], [[James Wesley Rawles]], [[Larry Nichols]]
    | beverage          = Red Wine
    | oocDrop           = dead babies, souls, demons, and globalists.
    | previousEpisode   = [[65: September 2-4, 2015]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[67: Protocols of Zion]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan may have bitten off more than he can chew as he continues to give Jordan the results of his ongoing investigation into what happened to get Alex Jones on to the Trump Train back in 2015. In this episode, Dan tries to cover way too long a stretch of time, in order to get to the end of Alex's 2015 Money Bomb, conveniently scheduled a few weeks before the end of the fiscal year.

There's a lot to cover, but thankfully Dan and Jordan have each other, and a guest appearance from their old friend, Red Wine, to help the medicine go down.

==Tidbits==

*4hr episode, there's a LOT.
*Tom Arnold gets it and is down to fight.
*Alex is a dog person and cat people are terrible.
*Out of date references, weird futurism, preacher Alex.
*Gross fake empathy.
*Alex loves Russia.
*Alex takes an anti-Trump stance.
*Evil Muslims and the trendy women who love them.
*Antisemitism.
*The Rapture.
*Guns!
*1st mention of David Manning.
*Lots of sexism.
*Alex claims the "west" made pretty much everything, Dan and Jordan call bullshit, lots of history.
*Alex flip flops back to Trump and criticizes Rand Paul.
*Alex admits that he's okay with tyranny as long as the tyrants are on his team.
*Joe Biggs goes to a Trump rally, Alex smells a revenue stream.
*Moneybomb.
*Christian fear of oppression.
*Larry Nichols craziness.
*Republican debates.

==Notable Bits==

*Sandra Bullock, nazi?

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:2015 Investigation]]
