{{Episode
    | title           = For Squatch, There Are No Heroes
    | caption         = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/698-for-squatch-there-are-no-heroes Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber   = 698
    | length          = 01:31:20
    | airDate         = July 4, 2022
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Project Camelot|Project Camelot]], [[:Category:Wacky Wednesday|Wacky Wednesday]]
    | previousEpisode = [[697: June 29, 2022]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[699: July 4-5, 2022]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan declare their independence from [[Alex Jones]] to check in on a recent [[Project Camelot]] interview featuring a man who telepathically communicates with Sasquatch. Also, he went to Mars for a year.

== Squatch was an Inside Job ==
There is convincing evidence that the man [[Kerry Cassidy]] interviews for this episode is in fact a listener of Knowledge Fight, and is intentionally pranking Kerry.

*Major Daniel Jordan is a fairly obvious nod  to Dan and Jordan.
*"Cuttlefish-like aliens controlled by a benevolent AI" is a shibboleth Dan & Jordan provided to [[Mark Richards]] (in Episode #156) when they suspected Mark might listen to the show<ref>https://www.reddit.com/r/KnowledgeFight/comments/vs0p9l/comment/iez0qx1/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3</ref>.
*The guest notes that the Black Kraken Squatch project began in 2017, the same year Knowledge Fight started.
*On Episode #200, Dan and Jordan joked about writing a novel about Kerry finding a population of Sasquatches hidden in the [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dulce_Base Dulce Base]. Dan further noted that he hadn't "ever heard Kerry talk about Squatches. Maybe in passing she's said they are some sort of alien race... I gotta look through her archives and see if I can find the Squatch"<ref>https://www.reddit.com/r/KnowledgeFight/comments/vw1gqa/more_evidence_that_squatch_guy_is_a_wonk/</ref>.

==Outro==

'''Dan''': ''"I'm Neo. I'm [[leo Zagami|Leo]]. I'm [[Desiax Clark]]. Maybe. Maybe I'll throw this in. I'm Chrysilix."''<br>
'''Jordan''': ''"Ooh!"''<br>
'''Dan''': ''"No I'm not. He was a bad guy."''<br>
'''Jordan''': ''"Oh that's right."''<br>
'''Dan''': ''"I hope you all have a wonderful [[Dreamy Creamy Summer]]."''

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Project Camelot]]
[[Category:Wacky Wednesday]]
