{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0731:September 29-30, 2022
}}{{Episode
    | title             = September 29-30, 2022
    | caption           = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/731-september-29-30-2022 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber     = 731
    | length            = 01:37:28
    | airDate           = October 3, 2022
    | coverageStartDate = September 29, 2022
    | coverageEndDate   = September 30, 2022
    | previousEpisode   = [[730: August 12, 2003]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan check in on how Alex ended last week.  In this installment, Alex explains the hierarchy of demons, tries to recruit his audience into the John Birch Society, and decides he thinks Sandy Hook was fake again.

==Tidbits==

* Alex claims Nord Stream 1 and Nord Stream 2 pipelines both confirmed to be under attack by Biden and the New World Order in western-controlled sectors. (11:45)
* Children aren't being force fed bugs like Alex claims. (19:47)
* Alex is afraid of losing to bugs on the free market.
* Alex spews some anti-vax stuff by misinterpreting an observational study.
* Alex Jones is paid off by the slow bacon cooking lobby. (27:15)
* Alex needs the SPARS document to be prophetic for his fake reality that he’s constructed. (34:28)
* Alex Jones’s calls Sandy Hook "synthetic" again and implies he was right to question it. (41:31)
* Nothing makes sense when you don’t look into the things that are confusing. (51:03)
* Alex believes it’s all part of a larger plan. (57:05)
* Alex claims the devil-worshipers have taken over the world. (1:01:14)
* What do you see when you hear Gremlin Wraith? (1:05:39)
* The hierarchy of Dracula’s minions. (1:08:04)
* Alex falsely claims German Greens plan to ban native Germans from applying for government jobs so they can be given to migrants. (1:16:53)
* A recruiter for John Birch Society comes on Alex’s show. (1:21:39)

==Detailed Show Notes==

Topics covered<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2022/10/2/episode-731-september-29-30-2022 Episode #731: September 29-30, 2022]</ref>:

*Trump "[https://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/409104-trump-kim-jong-un-and-i-fell-in-love/ fell in love]" with Kim Jong Un, which Alex had no problem with
*Alex makes up conspiracies about the [https://www.vox.com/world/2022/9/28/23376356/nord-stream-pipeline-russia-explosions-sabotage Nord Stream 1 and 2 pipelines]
*Washington Post [https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2013/05/13/insects-a-new-nutritious-ingredient-for-school-lunches/ article from 2013] about edible insects
*[https://www.breitbart.com/europe/2022/05/31/eat-the-bugs-welsh-schoolchildren-fed-insects-encourage-sustainability/ Breitbart article] about UK students eating bugs
*[https://newspunch.com/wef-endorsed-bugs-and-insects-force-fed-to-children-in-1000-australian-schools/ NewsPunch article] misrepresenting the fact that [https://www.kidsnews.com.au/environment/insect-chips-could-be-just-the-cricket-for-the-planets-future/news-story/694409445fc2d4860718f86d35e4a0f5 some Australian school canteens offer products] made by [https://circleharvest.com.au/pages/school-programs Circle Harvest]
*Alex seems confused about the distinction between keratin and [https://www.center4research.org/whats-deal-keratin-treatments keratin treatments]
*Alex has [https://www.thelancet.com/journals/landia/article/PIIS2213-8587(22)00158-9/fulltext#%20 another Covid vaccine study] that he hasn't read and is lying about
*[https://summit.news/2022/09/23/germany-greens-plan-to-ban-native-germans-from-a-third-of-jobs-to-promote-diversity/ Summit article] about jobs in [https://www.citypopulation.de/en/germany/niedersachsen/region_hannover/03241001__hannover/ Hanover]
*The John Birch Society endorses [https://www.nytimes.com/2022/09/29/us/politics/jr-majewski-military-record.html JR Majewski]

[[Category:Episodes]]
