{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0733:October 6, 2022
}}{{Episode
    | title           = October 6, 2022
    | caption         = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/733-october-6-2022 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber   = 733
    | length          = 01:35:06
    | airDate         = October 10, 2022
    | coverageDate    = October 6, 2022
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | brightSpot      = Jordan's new beanbag couch
    | appearance      = [[Vladimir Putin]]
    | previousEpisode = [[732: Trial Press Conference]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[734: October 9, 2022]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan check in to see what Alex was up to while the closing statements were being made in his trial in Connecticut.  In this installment, Alex takes some calls, blows an AI expert's mind, and gets sentimental with the Chairman of the Board.

== Tidbits ==

*Discussion of  Alex's misreporting on a US government radiation pill purchase. Alex even gets the kind of pill wrong. (10:58).
*Transition to antivax narratives through "testosterone levels are lower" (16:32).
*Alex tries to capitalize on the death of a young athlete who died of Meningitis (19:15).
*The Blood of the Jab: It's just [[Natural News]] recycled copy pasted three times (23:19).
*Alex claims that Putin is a moderate (39:29).
*Alex says that all the people in power who have actually killed people have been replaced with "candy-ass lawyers" (43:41).
*Alex claims he'll be doing 6 more hours of  content per week (48:57).
*Stop Lights are the world's most powerful AI because we listen to them (55:51).
*Alex tells a caller that some vaccines aren't killing people but only because they were stored improperly (1:04:01)
*Alex mimes the entirety of "My Way" (1:05:57).
*Alex calls [[Chris Mattei]] a "Goblin from Harry Potter" (1:24:55).

==Detailed Show Notes==

Topics covered<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2022/10/9/episode-733-october-6-2022 Episode #733: October 6, 2022]</ref>:

*Alex misreports news about [https://www.nbcnews.com/health/health-news/us-purchase-radiation-sickness-drug-nplate-no-cause-alarm-rcna51252 the government buying radiation sickness pills]
*Alex misreports [https://www.thesun.ie/news/9499371/camogie-player-untimely-passing-beloved-daughter-waterford-tribute/ a story about a young athlete dying]
*Alex reports bombshell [https://www.sgtreport.com/2022/09/study-94-of-mrna-jab-recipients-found-to-have-metal-like-objects-in-their-blood/ news about a study] [https://ijvtpr.com/index.php/IJVTPR/article/view/47 published in a disreputable anti-vax journal]
*Alex misreports news about [https://www.theguardian.com/world/2022/oct/05/poland-us-nuclear-wars-russia-putin-ukraine Poland requesting nuclear weapons]
*Alex misreports [https://www.france24.com/en/live-news/20221006-russian-elite-voice-growing-anger-as-losses-mount-in-ukraine an article about Russian elites] growing disapproval of Putin
*Alex loses it and avoids taking calls by listening to Frank Sinatra

==Errata / Clarifications==

Per /u/dtoher, there is fairly clear evidence that the young Waterford woman / student at University of Limerick died of meningitis. The local Dept of Public Health are investigating a fatal case. Also, it's a minor point, but Gaelic football isn't soccer / football<ref>https://www.reddit.com/r/KnowledgeFight/comments/y051t4/comment/irqj9av/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3</ref>.

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
