{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0740:August 13, 2003
}}{{Episode
    | title           = August 13, 2003
    | caption         = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/740-august-13-2003 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/0i2VD3hqidpzuXiInVBhYX Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/740: August 13, 2003|Unofficial Transcript]]
    | episodeNumber   = 740
    | length          = 01:14:52
    | airDate         = October 26, 2022
    | coverageDate    = August 13, 2003
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:2003 Investigation|2003 Investigation]]
    | appearance      = [[Arnold Schwarzenegger]], [[Mel Gibson]], [[Condoleezza Rice]], [[Willie Brown]], [[Nick Fuentes]], [[Piers Morgan]]
    | previousEpisode = [[739: Formulaic Objections Part 8]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[741: December 2, 2015]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan go to the past, hoping to escape the rising antisemitism in the modern right wing, only to stumble into an episode that drifts heavily into similar territory. In this installment, Alex covers overzealous gunpowder storage laws, a Holocaust survivor calls in, and another caller brings up Henry Ford's favorite literature.

==Tidbits==

*Dan is a even more of a witch than previously thought. (5:00)
*Alex continues to ignore de-baathification. (8:00)
*Alex continues to be "forced" talk a lot about [[Arnold Schwarzenegger]]. (8:33)
** Dan speculates this is part of a strategy to run cover for [[Mel Gibson]].
*Alex feels much more comfortable attacking gay people in 2003. It's part of his attack against Schwarzenegger.  (10:44)
*Alex attacks the Simon Wiesenthal Center's endorsement of Arnold Schwarzenegger / their denouncement of Mel and [[Hutton Gibson]].
*Joyce Riley comes on to whine more about Schwarzenegger. (16:15)
*Ice cream truck driver accused of improperly storing gunpowder pleads guilty. (21:20)
**Turns out he's a Nazi.
**"Grandmother Elizabeth's Reading Hour for White Children"
*Michael Guilfoyle faces jail under first British court order to ban use of a racial slur<ref>https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/crime/racist-faces-jail-under-first-british-court-order-to-ban-use-of-a-word-100057.html</ref>.  (27:12)
*[Still working on the rest]

==Detailed Show Notes==

Topics covered<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2022/10/25/episode-740-august-13-2003 Episode #740: August 13, 2003]</ref>:

*Antisemitism and homophobia were pretty regular at Infowars in 2003
*Alex and Joyce Reilly don't tell the [https://www.capecodtimes.com/story/news/2003/08/25/arnold-s-dad-was-storm/50950808007/ whole] [https://www.latimes.com/archives/la-xpm-2003-aug-14-me-father14-story.html story] about Arnold and the Simon Weisenthal Center
*Alex covers a story about [https://www.washingtonpost.com/archive/local/2003/10/29/supremacist-set-for-plea-bargain-release/0aa9c4c5-9dcb-45ee-b4de-4543f00e3f35/ a man arrested for illegally storing gunpowder], but fails to point out that he was a Nazi who was [https://www.religionnewsblog.com/4874/md-man-pleads-guilty-to-weapons-charges stockpiling gunpowder in advance of a race war] he saw coming
*Alex defends [https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2003/aug/13/race.world a racist harasser in UK] in the name of protecting free speech
*911 Truthers entirely misrepresent [https://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/matier-ross/article/Willie-Brown-got-low-key-early-warning-about-air-3314754.php the story of Willie Brown getting a warning] about flying on 9/11
*The claim that [[Condoleezza Rice]] warned Brown [http://www.911myths.com/index.php/Willie_Brown traces back to holocaust denier David Irving]
*[https://www.congress.gov/bill/105th-congress/house-bill/2431 HR 2431]

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:2003 Investigation]]
