{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0748:November 16, 2022
}}{{Episode
    | title           = November 16, 2022
    | caption         = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/748-november-16-2022 Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber   = 748
    | length          = 01:32:34
    | airDate         = November 18, 2022
    | coverageDate    = November 16, 2022
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
    | previousEpisode = [[747: November 11, 2022]]
|brightSpot=Dan: Tools for shaving your back. Jordan:  His wife / COVID Booster PSA
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan check in to see how Alex responded to Trump announcing his 2024 presidential campaign.  In this installment, Alex lies a bunch about medically assisted death, takes calls he doesn't want to deal with, and interviews a rambling weirdo with a flair for wordplay.

== Tidbits ==

* Alex plays some clips of Trump’s speech. (13:37)
* Roger Stone thinks the 2022 midterm was “stolen”. (19:47)
* Donald Trump’s new look. (25:17)
* How Roger wants Ron DeSantis to stay as governor. (30:55)
* Discussion of missiles hitting Poland incident (44:22)
* Alex falsely claims the euthanasia of children has begun in Canada. (46:22)
* Caller challenges Alex supporting Trump given Alex's position on vaccines. (1:13:08)
* Steve Quayle has some crypto-based wordplay. (1:20:43)
* Cryptids are stealing so much debt. (1:24:35)

==Detailed Show Notes==

Topics covered<ref>[https://knowledgefight.com/research/2022/11/17/episode-748-november-16-2022 Episode #748: November 16, 2022]</ref>:

*Rupert Murdoch has always [https://www.nytimes.com/2015/07/22/us/politics/titans-clash-as-donald-trumps-run-fuels-his-feud-with-rupert-murdoch.html not liked Trump], but Jared [https://money.cnn.com/2016/04/15/media/rupert-murdoch-donald-trump/index.html got them together]
*Roger repeats a ballot conspiracy [https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2022/11/exclusive-cause-arizonas-machine-tabulator-failure-identified-ballots-larger-printer-parameters-willful-incompetence/ from Gateway Pundit], pushed by [https://www.lcsun-news.com/story/news/education/nmsu/2021/09/09/nmsu-professor-david-clements-promotes-election-fraud-claims-bucks-covid-mandates/5755289001/ a long-time election fraud conspiracist]
*[https://www.newsweek.com/us-poland-probe-possible-russian-missile-hit-nato-soil-near-ukraine-1759839 Multiple] [https://www.businessinsider.com/russian-missiles-landed-in-poland-nato-country-killed-people-ukraine-2022-11 outlets] published that it was possible for the missile that hit Poland could have been launched from Ukraine
*Alex completely fabricates a narrative around the [https://www.parl.ca/DocumentViewer/en/43-2/bill/C-7/royal-assent Medical Assistance In Death legislation] [https://www.canada.ca/en/health-canada/services/medical-assistance-dying.html in Canada] ([https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nX4MURUeLog Tucker's video], and [https://www.commonsense.news/p/scheduled-to-die-the-rise-of-canadas Bari Weiss's blog])
*Amir Farsoud is [https://toronto.citynews.ca/2022/11/16/ontario-medically-assisted-death-support/ no longer pursuing MAID]
*Mature Minors [https://www.dyingwithdignity.ca/blog/pr_mature_minors/ isn't a new term]
*Infowars' source that Canada's motive for MAID is to save money [https://www.pbo-dpb.gc.ca/web/default/files/Documents/Reports/RP-2021-025-M/RP-2021-025-M_en.pdf doesn't support that claim]

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Present Day]]
