{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0752:Ye Took A Dip In The Pool
}}{{Episode
    | title           = Ye Took A Dip In The Pool
    | caption         = [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/752-ye-took-a-dip-in-the-pool Listen to this episode on Libsyn]
    | episodeNumber   = 752
    | length          = 02:31:47
    | airDate         = November 30, 2022
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Wacky Wednesday|Wacky Wednesday]]
    | appearance      = [[Nick Fuentes]], [[Kanye West]], [[Tim Pool]], [[Donald Trump]], [[Thomas Edison]], [[Milo Yiannopoulos]], [[Jared Kushner]], [[Barack Obama]], [[Dave Rubin]], [[Steven Crowder]], [[Bill O'Reilly]], [[Luke Rudkowski]]
    | previousEpisode = [[751: November 20-21, 2022]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[753: December 1, 2022]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan embark on a Wacky Wednesday, where they discuss breaking news about Ye, Milo, and Nick Fuentes appearing on Tim Pool's show, which did not go great. Plus, they discuss an episode of Nick's show, America First.

== Tidbits ==

* Dan’s thoughts on who he doesn’t want to cover. (6:33)
* Milo is an idealogue. He has the ability to sound convincing to people who aren’t listening to him critically. (15:57)
* Luke Rudkowski is an old-time Alex Jones associate. (25:13)
* How the Trump Dinner and Ye/Mil/Nick alliance came to be. (27:31)
* Dan and Jordan debate if Nick Fuentes is in over his head. (33:24)
* Ye’s anti-Semitic comments. (43:47)
* "Identitarianism" is not what Tim thinks it is, and is bad for Tim. (49:02)
* Kanye has some hot takes about race. (53:00).
* Luke Rudkowski fails to run interference. (56:34)
* Discussion about how Kanye’s mental illness intersects with the situation. (57:44)
* Kanye storming out of the room. (1:09:54).
* Nick's thoughts about the Unite the Right rally beforehand. (1:27:57)
* Nick doesn't support free enterprise / free speech because of his racism (1:40:31)
* Every time Nick says “globalists”, he’s smiling and giving a wink to the audience. (1:43:34)
* Nick goes on an unhinged rant about Google results and Black American inventors. (1:59:26)
* If you’re trying to aggregate the best search results, why don’t you have Ben Franklin on there?
* Nick, Tim, and all of these bigots are lying until they don’t have to anymore. (2:20:12)

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Wacky Wednesday]]
