{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0083:November 10-12, 2015
}}{{Episode
    | title             = November 10-12, 2015
    | caption           = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-november-10-12-2015 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/5FH6G3eJFXBmAGUSLPgRbe Spotify] [https://www.twitch.tv/videos/175675863?filter=all&sort=time Twitch]
    | episodeNumber     = 83
    | length            = 02:44:34
    | airDate           = September 18, 2017
    | coverageStartDate = November 10, 2015
    | coverageEndDate   = November 11, 2015
    | episodeType       = [[:Category:2015 Investigation|2015 Investigation]]
    | appearance        = [[Mancow]], [[Rand Paul]], [[George Soros]], [[Melissa Click]], [[General Albert Stubblebine]], [[Rima Laibow]], [[Lord Monckton]], [[Darrell Hamamoto]], [[Nick Begich]], [[Peter Stormare]]
    | previousEpisode   = [[82: Oct. 27-Nov. 9, 2015]]
    | nextEpisode       = [[84: December 21, 2012]]
}}

{{Stub}}

[Please forgive the tech glitch we experienced in the first 10 min of this episode. We are figuring out new workflows, and unfortunately encountered some clipping. We appreciate your understanding]

Today, Dan tells Jordan all about another installment in his investigation into what happened in 2015 to make Alex Jones lose his mind and join up with Trump.

Not a lot of Trump action on this episode, but Alex does flex on Dan's alma mater, the University of Missouri, so Dan sets him straight. Then, Alex brings on a cavalcade of completely insane guests.

==Tidbits==

*University of Missouri system president resigns for being white
*Gang warfare is tribal
*Gay bars vs normal bars
*Alex's True Story: Alex experiences racism
*Alex transcended racism at 14
*Social Justice Warriors are modern Salem Witch Trials
*Guest: Mancow
*Mancow is a hacky racist comedian
*Mancow lives in Beirut
*Mancow was in the room where they picked Jeb vs Hillary
*Mancow loves Putin
*Still supporting Rand Paul
*PJW tells Alex everything he knows about University of Missouri
*Soros owns Union Pacific Railroad
*Melissa Click resigned but didn't resign
*Guest: General Stubblebine & Dr. Rima Laibow
**[http://drrimatruthreports.com/advance-vaccine-directive-card-faqs/ Advance Vaccine Directive Cards]
**Why are white men dying young?
*Rand Paul should be "talking like Putin"
*Exxon-Mobil and BP are pushing climate change to kill coal
*The Klan is all feds and funded by the SPLC
*Alex was too pretty
*Lord Monckton isn't allowed at the Parris accords
*Skin color survey
*Guest: [https://knowledgefight.com/people/2018/8/29/darrell-hamamoto Dr. Darrell Hamomoto] and his pudenda pink phallic guitar
**Darrell talks crazy shit about campuses
**Sandy Hook was crisis actors
**Melissa Click is a crisis actor
**Dr. Hamomoto is being spied on by the admin
**Snitches get stitches
**UC Davis has mind-control antennas
***Set up by [https://faculty.engineering.ucdavis.edu/katehi/ Linda Katehi]
**[https://www.alachuacounty.us/Depts/epd/EPAC/Angels%20Dont%20Play%20This%20HAARP%20by%20Nick%20Begich%201997.pdf Angels Don't Play This Haarp by Nick Begich]
**HAARP weather control
**Gang stalking
*Alex gets star-fucker-y over [https://m.imdb.com/name/nm0001780/mediaviewer/rm2418148352 Peter Stormare]

==Notable Bits==

*Alex's True Story

==References==

*Angels Don't Play this Haarp by Nick Begich

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:2015 Investigation]]
