'''Alexander Emerick Jones''' (born February 11, 1974) is a propagandist, the founder of [[InfoWars]], host of [[the Alex Jones Show]], and primary focus of the [[Knowledge Fight]] podcast. He has been on the air for over twenty years. 

Alex Jones has dabbled in pretty much every conspiracy theory known to the human species. He famously dodges accusations of antisemitism by replacing [[The Protocols of the Elders of Zion|references to Jews]] with "[[the Globalists]]".

Alex owes most of his success and audience size to his willingness to declare any national tragedy a false flag, including by not limited to [[Sandy Hook]], the [[Boston Bombing]], [[9/11]], and countless other horrible events.

Alex grew up in Dallas, TX (or in the nearby suburb Rockwall), and when he tells the story, he presents an incredibly unrealistic version of his childhood. To hear him tell it, he was a boy genius who was reading college text books at the age of six, though this stretches credulity in terms of countless studies that have been done on the development of literacy.

At the age of six, Alex alleges that his mother kicked him off her knee and told him that he didn’t get love anymore because she was concerned that he would become a “momma’s boy.” Whether or not this actually happened is irrelevant; Alex only tells this story in order to reinforce his ideas about masculinity and how negative it is for men to not fit the mold that he believes they should.

As Alex got older, he started to act out more in ways that denote very serious mental health issues. According to his own accounts, he began having sex at the age of 11 or 12, and had sex with over 150 women by the age of 16 (that would be a new sexual partner almost every week for four years)<ref>http://politics.blog.mystatesman.com/2017/04/24/in-midst-of-custody-battle-alex-jones-reveals-that-at-16-id-already-had-over-150-women/</ref>. This seems like an exaggeration (or an outright lie), but if we take him at his word, this indicates a path of sexual development that is drastically outside of what the psychological community deems appropriate.

During this span of time, Alex impregnated at least ten of these women and insisted they get abortions which he (or, more likely, his parents) paid for. In some instances, the women wished to keep the pregnancies.

Around the age of 12, Alex read Gary Allen’s anti-communist propaganda classic, [[None Dare Call It Conspiracy]]. He credits the reading of this book as being what “woke him up” to the agenda of the [[New World Order]]. This makes a lot of sense, as None Dare Call It Conspiracy is a book that is so poorly written that it appears to be written specifically for the “think they’re smarter than they are 12 year old” demographic.

As he got into high school, Alex’s oppositional defiance continued. He began getting into more and more fights, apparently putting a fellow student into a coma, which led to his father getting sued. Alex’s tendency toward violence got so bad that he was kicked out of high school for a year and sent to work on a farm.

Though Alex pretends he doesn’t have a substance abuse problem, though he clearly has a destructive relationship with alcohol, Alex has admitted to using many drugs in the past. His stories of the drug use don’t make sense, based on what drugs do to a person. He claims that he has smoked methamphetamines twice, with one of the instances being him being spun out on a beach all night. That is not what happens to a person if they smoke methamphetamines one time, or even two times.  Doing meth one time would get a person high for about 15 minutes, followed by a few hours of very light effects.

Alex would go on to begin his studies at Austin Community College, but the academic environment was not a place where Alex Jones excelled. In academic settings, there are grades and experts who actually know things from actually studying them. In the world Alex was destined to inhabit, these things were deemphasized in favor of “ability to yell,” “sounding like you know something,” and “being just vague enough.” Alex would drop out before receiving any degree.

In the early 1990’s, Alex began a show on Austin Community TV, where he apparently was hated by pretty much everyone else at the station<ref>https://quintaldo.wordpress.com/2009/09/09/jarhead-jones/</ref>. At one point, he even got beat up in the ACTV parking lot for being an asshole; he would go on to tell the cops he was the victim and that one of his harassers had “eyes that look like a goat’s”<ref>https://www.mystatesman.com/news/local/kelso-alex-jones-fistfight-story-fact-fiction/5fwH3FqDyehY3NofzvH9QL/</ref>.

At some point in his public access career, Alex’s father [[David Jones]], a popular dentist in Austin and owner of a line of dental store-front practices Castle Dental, received a patient who was a radio producer. Mr. Jones took the opportunity to sell the producer on Alex’s talents, and how good he could be on the radio. The producer gave Alex a shot, and agreed to give him his own show, on the condition that Mr. Jones’ dental practice buy advertising time on Alex’s show. In essence, Alex’s father bought him his show.

From 1996-1999, Alex was broadcast on KJFK 98.9 FM in Austin<ref>https://www.austinchronicle.com/news/1999-12-10/75039/</ref>. His show was called [[The Final Edition]], specifically trying to evoke the idea that each show could be his last. He would go on to get fired from the job at KJFK, claiming that the reason he was axed was that program directors told him to stop talking about the Clintons so much, and he refused<ref>https://www.austinchronicle.com/news/1999-12-10/75039/</ref>. This seems like a completely unbelievable story, considering that, even after Alex’s termination, the station’s 11 AM-2 PM shift was covered by Watergate-criminal and notorious Clinton-hater G. Gordon Liddy, who went so far as to announce on air that he uses drawings of Bill and Hillary for target practice<ref>https://web.archive.org/web/19991013094751/http:/www.989kjfk.com/</ref><ref>https://www.washingtonpost.com/archive/lifestyle/1995/04/26/gordon-liddy-on-shooting-from-the-lip/75754676-030f-4191-a9e3-a421855aea1f/?noredirect=on&utm_term=.29eaf5a95f4a</ref>.

On December 31, 1999, Alex Jones spent most of the day on air, whipping his audience to a fever pitch of paranoia about the Y2K hysteria. He told his audience that there were reports of explosions at power plants, that missiles had been fired at the United States, that gas stations were out of food and gas, and that the Austin police had set up a concentration camp for dissenters at a decommissioned airport. None of this was true, and appeared to be based solely on the “reports” he was getting from his random, anonymous callers. In 2017, Alex would appear as a guest on [[Joe Rogan]]’s podcast, where he would allege that he was pressured into sensationalizing Y2K reports by his bosses at the radio station, but he got fired from KJFK on or before Dec. 10, 1999<ref>https://www.austinchronicle.com/news/1999-12-10/75039/</ref>. On Dec. 31, 1999, his only bosses were himself and a gold salesman named [[Ted Anderson]].

By the time he got fired from KJFK (most likely even before; it appears their formal relationship dates back to at least Oct. 1999), Alex was picked up by Minnesota gold-salesman Ted Anderson<ref>https://web.archive.org/web/19991013062020/http:/infowars.com:80/</ref>. Ted was looking to build his own radio network, [[Genesis Communications Network]], as a means to serve as a marketing arm for his gold and precious metals company, [[Midas Resources]]. In Alex, he found the literal perfect mouthpiece to scare audiences into a state of panic, only to alleviate that panic by informing them that buying gold would protect them from the worst parts of the dystopia he assured them was coming. And conveniently, Ted Anderson would always have “the best specials” for Alex’s listeners. For many years, Alex and Ted ran a very smooth scam where they transmuted fear into gold sales.

Alex’s weekday shows would be syndicated by GCN, but he also began doing a Sunday show, distributed through Genesis Communications. This show was broadcast out of KLBJ 590 AM in Austin. This arrangement ended on January 25, 2015, and in the time since, KLBJ employees have posted public apologies for ever airing Alex’s show to begin with<ref>https://www.klbjfm.com/blogs/cjs-blog/alex-jones-fraud</ref>.

By 2012, Alex is selling some supplements, but mostly just reselling products like Beyond Tangy Tangerine, created by Dr. [[Joel Wallach]], who is a veterinarian<ref>https://youngevity-legacy.com/index.cfm/more/people/joel-d-wallach-bs-dvm-nd/</ref>.

By late 2013, Alex has expanded the supplement sales operation, which would ostensibly fund his operation for the proceeding years. Many of the products he sells are created by [[Edward Group|Dr. Group]], who much like Dr. Wallach, is not an actual doctor.

On Sept. 11, 2015, Ted Anderson lost his license to sell gold and precious metals, and Midas Resources was forced to pivot from that business to being a supplement retailer<ref>https://www.cards.commerce.state.mn.us/CARDS/security/search.do?documentId=%7bCE255B67-A977-49DD-98A1-6652FF270FC0%7d</ref>. Curiously, they also began selling bulk meat<ref>https://www.midasresources.com/18-meats</ref>. Around the time of his license suspension, Alex held an “Emergency [[Money Bomb]],” the timing of which is incredibly suspicious. Money Bombs were very common in the earlier days of InfoWars, but Alex had not held one since 2012, and this one came out of the blue, being announced days before it was to be held.

A few months after this, [[Roger Stone]] would enter Alex’s life (though the two had met previously, in 2013, at a JFK conspiracy theory convention), and before you know it, Alex has become a mouthpiece for the Trump Presidential campaign.

In August 2018, Alex was kicked off of Facebook, YouTube, and a number of other social media platforms for repeatedly and brazenly violating their terms of service. He has since tried to present himself as a martyr of censorship run amok.
[[Category:People]]
[[Category:InfoWars]]