'''Bill Gates''' is a billionaire, philanthropist, and former richest person in the world. He's also a frequent cartoon villain for [[Alex Jones]].

There are lots of reasons to critique Bill Gates for real things, but they're not relevant to the lies Alex tells about him, so they're out of scope.

Bill Gates philanthropic efforts focus primarily on "fighting poverty, disease, and inequity around the world"<ref>https://www.gatesfoundation.org/</ref>. In particular, the foundation is deeply concerned with the risks of overpopulation and the potential for global pandemics. Bill Gates has at various times personally publicized these risks, giving public talks (e.g. TED Talks) and lobbying for specific policy changes. This all makes Gates a natural target for a con-man like Alex.

==Lies about "Innovating to Zero!"==

Before the Covid-19 pandemic, Alex primarily attacked Gates for a 2010 TED talk he gave entitled "Innovating to Zero!"<ref>https://www.ted.com/talks/bill_gates_innovating_to_zero/transcript</ref><ref>https://www.factcheck.org/2021/03/scicheck-video-targets-gates-with-old-clip-misleading-edit/</ref>. Parts of this talk were taken out of context to suggest Bill Gates was suggesting to nefariously reducing world population via vaccines.
{{Quote|text=This equation has four factors, a little bit of multiplication. So you’ve got a thing on the left, CO2, that you want to get to zero, and that’s going to be based on the number of people, the services each person is using on average, the energy, on average, for each service, and the CO2 being put out per unit of energy. So let’s look at each one of these, and see how we can get this down to zero. Probably, one of these numbers is going to have to get pretty near to zero.

That’s back from high school algebra. But let’s take a look.

First, we’ve got population. The world today has 6.8 billion people. That’s headed up to about nine billion. Now, if we do a really great job on new vaccines, health care, reproductive health services, we could lower that by, perhaps, 10 or 15%. But there, we see an increase of about 1.3.}}
Alex makes a lot of hay out of the claim that Gates is saying that vaccines could lower population by "10 or 15%". He also likes to misconstrue Gate's comment about "one of these numbers is going to have to get pretty near to zero" as a claim that Bill Gates wants to massively reduce world population.

In context, what Gates is saying in this talk is far from nefarious. The main point of the talk is to discuss what getting to net-zero global carbon-dioxide emissions looks like. As part of that, Gates discusses overpopulation, pointing out (quite reasonably) that total emissions is basically per-capita emissions times the number of people in the world. Gates wants to responsibly reduce future population growth, and he argues that providing better health care in the developing world is the best way to do that. He's arguing that improving childhood mortality rates (through vaccines among other means) and providing better family planning in the developing world will ultimately lead to more sustainable family sizes, since people will be confident that their children will grow to adulthood.

This talk, and similar statements Gates have made were consistently misconstrued pre-2020 as Gates spearheading a plan to depopulate the earth using vaccines.

==COVID-19 and the Rise of Gates as a Primary InfoWars Villain==

Gates has long been concerned with the potential for a catastrophic global pandemic, and had spoken publicly at length about the ways in which we were not ready for such an event, and people did not consider it as much of a real risk as it actually was.

You can see one of Gate's talks from 2015 here<ref>https://www.rev.com/blog/transcripts/bill-gates-ted-talk-transcript-from-2015-warns-of-pandemics-epidemics</ref>. This talk, entitled "The next outbreak? We're not ready" and given in the aftermath of the Ebola scare of 2014 looks almost prophetic in retrospect.

{{Quote|text=If anything kills over 10 million people in the next few decades, it’s most likely to be a highly infectious virus rather than a war. Not missiles, but microbes.}}

As of the time of writing, the WHO reports that COVID has killed at least 6.46 million people. Gates further notes that the WHO's "is funded to monitor epidemics, but not to [respond to them]", that infrastructure and organization to rapidly ramp up the kind of manpower required for an effective response is insufficient, and that pandemic-focused public health initiatives are under-funded, and rarely tested. These are all still salient complaints about the Global and US response to COVID-19.

Gates even highlights that the most devastating pandemic would be something with wildly divergent presentation and an ability to spread by the air:

{{Quote|text=You can have a virus where people feel well enough while they’re infectious that they get on a plane or they go to a market. ... In fact, let’s look at a model of a virus spread through the air, like the Spanish flu back in 1918. So here’s what would happen. It would spread throughout the world very, very quickly.}}

Gates calls for more funding and better war games so we're ready the next time a really bad disease emerges. He would go on to fund many such war games.

Looked at in reality, this all looks like someone realizing a real problem under appreciated in society, talking earnestly about it, and trying to suggest productive changes.

However, if you're the sort of conspiratorial asshole who is more interested in creating problems for the world that solving them, you can spin a pretty good yarn here. As a result, [[InfoWars]] heavily pushed the idea that Gates and other public health officials like [[Anthony Fauci]] had in fact caused or created the COVID-19 virus as a way to enact their dastardly depopulation plans.

Throughout 2020 and 2021, Bill Gates has been used as a primary foil (at times on the same footing as [[George Soros]]) for InfoWars slanderous narratives.




<references />