'''Bradley Reeves''' is a sad lad, but he tried his best, at least compared to [[Alex Jones|Alex]]'s other lawyers.

A Fightin' Texas Aggies Class of '07 Graduate he later went on to attain a degree from South Texas College of Law. With a background in construction and commercial litigation, he was woefully under-prepared for Alex Jones as a client. Still as someone who opened his law firm in late 2019, 2021 was the perfect time for a new client. 

Mr. Reeves was the lawyer you hear coaching Alex and [[Daria Karpova|Daria]] in [[641: Formulaic Objections Part 4]] (Or the depositions Dan got to sit in on) and in [[665: Formulaic Objections Part 6]] helping [[Owen Shroyer]] stumble through a deposition. You also can catch him being mentioned in [[685: Formulaic Objections Part 7]] because [[Mark Bankston|Mark]] goes out to call him when [[Jacquelyn Blott]] tries to throw him under the bus. 

Apparently Mark and [[Bill Ogden|Bill]] have a soft spot for at least one of Alex' lawyers. Mark Bankston has stated that he has some respect for Mr. Reeves. In episode [[712: The Decompression Session]], Mark stated<ref>[[712: The Decompression Session]] 00:58:00</ref>: 

{{Quote|text=If it wasn't for Brad's forthrightness and honesty as an Attorney, we likely would not have discover some of the other malfeasance that occurred. And when the shit was hitting the fan on that, Brad Reeves was not about to risk his licence for these shenanigans, and he didn't. ... He withdrew when it was time to withdrew (sic).}}

As far as Alex' lawyers go, he is just one that was in over his head. Which is why he got the name "Sad Brad".



[[Category:People]]