Coach Dave Daubenmire is the subject of [[238: Coach Dave|Episode #238]] and a few follow ups.  Coach was a high school football coach in central Ohio.  In 1999 the ACLU filed suit against London City School District after years of complaints that Coach Dave was proselytizing in a public school.  The football team had official team prayers and he distributed evangelical literature during team events. He had several opportunities to comply with the law but he simply could not.  Listening to this episode makes it clear, Coach Dave Daubenmire is an amazing zealot.  He has since founded [https://www.mightycause.com/organization/Passthesalt Pass the Salt Ministries.]  This is mainly his hate-filled, "Christian" videos, some of which include video chat guests.   Also, Coach Dave's crusade against pornography is clearly a manifestation of the fact that his son is a convicted sex offender (child pornography).

The [https://www.aclu.org/press-releases/aclu-declares-victory-ohio-school-where-football-coach-led-prayers-read-scripture ACLU statement on Coach Dave's case] is a good summary of the situation

[https://caselaw.findlaw.com/oh-court-of-appeals/1191679.html Coach Dave's case can be found here]

[https://www.10tv.com/article/news/local/former-football-coach-reflects-on-scotus-ruling/530-57d4c2db-a121-4fe4-b726-43dc008673b8 Columbus, Ohio Channel 10 News report] on Coach Dave's case since SCOTUS ruled in [https://www.supremecourt.gov/opinions/21pdf/21-418_i425.pdf Kennedy v Bremerton S.D.]

==Relevant Episodes by Release Date==
{| class="fandom-table"
!No.
!Title
!Coverage
start date
!Coverage
end date
!Air date
!Episode type
|-
|[[238: Coach Dave|238]]
|[[238: Coach Dave]]
|
|
|December 12, 2018
|[[:Category:Wacky Wednesday|Wacky Wednesday]]
|-
|[[279: Formulaic Objections|279]]
|[[279: Formulaic Objections]]
|
|
|April 3, 2019
|[[:Category:Formulaic Objections|Formulaic Objections]]
|-
|[[359: It's All Legs|359]]
|[[359: It's All Legs]]
|
|
|October 23, 2019
|[[:Category:Wacky Wednesday|Wacky Wednesday]]
|-
|[[723: September 8, 2022|723]]
|[[723: September 8, 2022]]
|September 8, 2022
|September 8, 2022
|September 9, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|}
