'''Dennis Montgomery''' is a perennial American con-artist who has popped up in a variety of InfoWars adjacent contexts over the last 20 years.

Montgomery gained prominence after selling a number of dubious programs to the US government in the early 2000s. Montgomery claimed his software could decode hidden "barcodes" from Al Qaeda in Al Jazeera TV broadcasts. Phony alerts based on Montgomery's programs caused flight groundings, evacuations, and fluctuations in the US "Terror Level" metric<ref>https://www.theregister.com/2009/12/24/cia_montgomery/</ref>.

Once the government figured out they were being scammed and dropped their $30M dollar contract<ref>https://web.archive.org/web/20080403124707/http://www.nvtoday.com/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=246&Itemid=1</ref> with his company eTreppid, Montgomery began to involve himself in a series of increasingly bizarre and desperate scams. Montgomery continues to derive a lot of credibility from this contract, and has at various times claimed he continues to do classified work for the federal government, although there is no evidence of work with the government post the eTreppid scam.

In 2006, Montgomery falsely claimed to have evidence that a member of Congress was taking bribes (He claimed to have obtained this evidence during his work on eTreppid). That member countered that Montgomery had fabricated evidence. The allegations were not substantiated after investigation by the DOJ and FBI<ref>http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/news/nation/2008-11-03-nevada-governor_N.htm</ref>.

Starting sometime around 2014, Montgomery became associated with [[Joe Arpaio]]. Montgomery falsely claimed that he had evidence that could prove that the ongoing racial profiling lawsuit against Arpaio was a politically motivated conspiracy by the Judge and Department of Justice (He claimed to have obtained this information during his work with the CIA). Montgomery and Arpaio then did some very illegal things to try and "prove" that the judge and or the judge's wife was dirty. Arpaio later admitted that Montgomery's claims were "junk"<ref>https://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/16/us/twists-outnumber-judges-so-far-in-case-against-arizona-sheriff-joe-arpaio.html</ref>. The whole incident is also related to how Montgomery first came up on the show, listen to [[25: Dennis Montgomery Investigation]] for more details.

During the Trump years, Montgomery claimed to have evidence (obtained during his supposed work with the CIA) that [[Donald Trump]] and [[Jerome Corsi]] were under illegal surveillance by the federal government. By this point you may be able to guess that these claims were not substantiated on further investigation<ref>https://www.azcentral.com/story/news/politics/arizona/2017/04/05/conspiracy-theory-joe-arpaio-barack-obama-birth-certificate-donald-trump-wiretap-claims/99761074/</ref>.

After the [[2020 US presidential election]], Montgomery was the source of a prominent conspiracy theory ([[Hammer and Scorecard]]), and was closely associated with [[Mike Lindell]]. Montgomery's story sometimes varied in its specifics, but the core claims remained the same: Montgomery claimed that during his work with the CIA, he had built a supercomputer named "Hammer" and written surveillance software named "Scorecard".  He further falsely claimed that elements of the [[Deep State]] had hijacked the system and were using it to switch votes. Montgomery, of course, claimed to have evidence of all this that he had obtained during his work with the feds.

Despite the laughable nature of a lot of these tales, variants of Hammer and Scorecard spread rapidly within the far right. Prominent election deniers with connections to the White House, like [[Sidney Powell]], parroted the theories in prominent interviews on [[FOX News]] and other national forums, lending them additional credibility.

==Relevant Episodes by Release Date==
{| class="fandom-table"
!No.
!Title
!Coverage
start date
!Coverage
end date
!Air date
!Episode type
|-
|[[25: Dennis Montgomery Investigation|25]]
|[[25: Dennis Montgomery Investigation]]
|March 20, 2017
|March 24, 2017
|March 28, 2017
|[[:Category:Deep Dive|Deep Dive]], [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[26: March 30 (Special Report)|26]]
|[[26: March 30 (Special Report)]]
|March 30, 2017
|March 30, 2017
|April 3, 2017
|[[:Category:Special Edition|Special Edition]]
|-
|[[28: How Not To Cover Alex Jones|28]]
|[[28: How Not To Cover Alex Jones]]
|
|
|April 10, 2017
|[[:Category:Deep Dive|Deep Dive]]
|-
|[[60: Mars Colonies|60]]
|[[60: Mars Colonies]]
|
|
|July 3, 2017
|[[:Category:Project Camelot|Project Camelot]], [[:Category:Wacky Wednesday|Wacky Wednesday]]
|-
|[[61: July 5, 2017|61]]
|[[61: July 5, 2017]]
|July 5, 2017
|July 5, 2017
|July 6, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[63: July 12, 2017|63]]
|[[63: July 12, 2017]]
|July 12, 2017
|July 12, 2017
|July 13, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[65: September 2-4, 2015|65]]
|[[65: September 2-4, 2015]]
|September 2, 2015
|September 4, 2015
|July 19, 2017
|[[:Category:2015 Investigation|2015 Investigation]]
|-
|[[78: October 12-15, 2015|78]]
|[[78: October 12-15, 2015]]
|October 12, 2015
|October 15, 2015
|August 30, 2017
|[[:Category:2015 Investigation|2015 Investigation]]
|-
|[[The Halloween Story|S005]]
|[[The Halloween Story]]
|
|
|September 27, 2017
|[[:Category:Deep Dive|Deep Dive]]
|-
|[[98: May 2-3, 2012|98]]
|[[98: May 2-3, 2012]]
|May 2, 2012
|May 3, 2012
|October 30, 2017
|[[:Category:Time Travel|Time Travel]]
|-
|[[222: March 15-19, 2009|222]]
|[[222: March 15-19, 2009]]
|March 15, 2009
|March 19, 2009
|October 29, 2018
|[[:Category:Tea Party Investigation|Tea Party Investigation]]
|-
|[[233: November 28, 2018|233]]
|[[233: November 28, 2018]]
|November 28, 2018
|November 28, 2018
|November 30, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[290: April 25-26, 2019|290]]
|[[290: April 25-26, 2019]]
|April 25, 2019
|April 26, 2019
|April 29, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[370: November 14-15, 2019|370]]
|[[370: November 14-15, 2019]]
|November 14, 2019
|November 15, 2019
|November 18, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[401: Formulaic Objections Part 3|401]]
|[[401: Formulaic Objections Part 3]]
|
|
|February 21, 2020
|[[:Category:Formulaic Objections|Formulaic Objections]]
|-
|[[470: ShadowGate|470]]
|[[470: ShadowGate]]
|
|
|August 17, 2020
|[[:Category:Documentary|Documentary]]
|-
|[[501: November 7-8, 2020|501]]
|[[501: November 7-8, 2020]]
|November 7, 2020
|November 8, 2020
|November 11, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[502: Dan's Cara-Vanity Project Part 1|502]]
|[[502: Dan's Cara-Vanity Project Part 1]]
|November 9, 2020
|November 11, 2020
|November 13, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[Repost: Episode 25|S011]]
|[[Repost: Episode 25|Repost: Episode #25]]
|March 20, 2017
|March 24, 2017
|August 13, 2021
|[[:Category:Deep Dive|Deep Dive]], [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[586: August 11-12, 2021|586]]
|[[586: August 11-12, 2021]]
|August 11, 2021
|August 12, 2021
|August 16, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[589: August 18-20, 2021|589]]
|[[589: August 18-20, 2021]]
|August 18, 2021
|August 20, 2021
|August 23, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[726: September 15-16, 2022|726]]
|[[726: September 15-16, 2022]]
|September 15, 2022
|September 16, 2022
|September 19, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[772: December 18-19, 2003|772]]
|[[772: December 18-19, 2003]]
|December 18, 2003
|December 19, 2003
|February 1, 2023
|[[:Category:2003 Investigation|2003 Investigation]]
|-
|[[774: December 22, 2003|774]]
|[[774: December 22, 2003]]
|December 22, 2003
|December 22, 2003
|February 6, 2023
|[[:Category:2003 Investigation|2003 Investigation]]
|}

[[Category:People]]
