{{MessageBox
|header     = Notice
|text       = We have attempted to make the information contained on this page as objective as possible.  To be clear, this page in no way reflects the opinions of the users or admins of this wiki.  Some information may be sensitive or offensive. 
|image      = Wiki.png
|imagelink  = 
|imagewidth = 50px
|id         = warning
}}

The Globalists are a fictional and ill defined cabal of nefarious individuals. In [[Alex Jones]]' telling, they serve as antagonists to everything good and holy, and intend to probably kill everyone at the direction of [[Satan|the Devil]].

==Antisemitic Undertones / The Globalists as a [[PEZ Dispenser]]==
It is impossible to discuss the specifics of Jones' claims about the Globalists without first acknowledging their historical origin and antisemitic implications. While Jones is always careful not to explicitly make antisemitic claims or directly tie claims about Globalists to claims about Jews,  his sources are not so discerning.

[[The Protocols of the Elders of Zion]] (PEZ for short) is a horrifically antisemitic conspiracy tract (and crude forgery) which first appeared in Russia in 1903. It had the intent of justifying (and the effect of inflaming) violence against Jewish peoples in Russia. Within a few short years, the writings, and the ideas contained within them spread world-wide, helped along by rich antisemites like Henry Ford. A full summary of the lies of the PEZ is out of scope, but the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum puts it well when they say the document claims to lay out a plan "to rule the world by manipulating the economy, controlling the media, and fostering religious conflict"<ref>https://encyclopedia.ushmm.org/content/en/article/protocols-of-the-elders-of-zion</ref>.

Alex's claims about the globalists are point by point similar to those made in the PEZ. Unfortunately, this does not definitively establish that Alex is sourcing his claims from the PEZ, because over the course of the 20th century, pretty much every prominent conspiracy drew inspiration from the claims put forward in the PEZ, and it has come to underlie and inspire pretty much any conspiracy which alleges a group of powerful people with money and power are trying to seize more power.

Even if there is no direct connection between Alex and the antisemitic ideas of the PEZ, it is important to keep in mind that antisemitic claims form the basis for the kinds of conspiracy worldview that he espouses. Many of Alex's sources and guests are virulent antisemites, attracted to his worldviews because they closely mirror their own. More insidiously, because Alex is pretty much never specific about who the Globalists actually are, it's easy for his listeners to come to understand them as a specifically Jewish cabal. This makes Alex's audience easily to radicalize and quick to ally with neo-Nazi and other far-right antisemitic movements.

==Relationship to Anti-communist Sources==
Another major (and non-exclusive) source of narratives Alex relies on is the Anti-communist movement (particularly [[the John Birch Society]]). Formed in the Cold War, these individuals tended to believe that Communist agitators, present at all levels of American society, were secretly plotting to overthrow the US.

While many of their ideas drew from the same antisemitic sources above, the Birchers were notable both for their presence in mainstream american political life, and for their overarching integration of racist beliefs around the Civil-rights movement and extreme opposition to the Federal Government's monetary policy / control. Through a multi-pronged "attack", the Birchers believed that communist forces sought to establish a "new world order".

Alex Jones has many personal and professional connections to the JBS. Through his own description, it appears that his father and grandfather were likely involved in reading and sharing JBS materials, if not full members themselves. Many of Alex's regular guests, like [[Joel Skousen]] are intellectual and literal descendants of JBS members.

The book ''None Dare Call It Conspiracy'', written by Gary Allen, a prominent Bircher, is another example of a specific influence cited by Alex when justifying his beliefs about the globalists.

==Claims about the Goals, Motives, and Means of the Globalists==
Alex claims that the Globalists seek to greatly reduce the world population by violent means, bring all the survivors under the control of a tyrannical and authoritarian world-wide government, and upload themselves into machines, where they feel they will be rewarded in some way.

All of the other specifics, including timetables, means, and specific goals are fluid and change day to day in a way that is suspiciously consistent with Alex just making up the details as he goes.

Alex often, but not always, frames the Globalists as serving or being led by an evil force. Sometimes this leadership is explicitly and directly coming from the Devil. Other times, the Globalists are merely unknowingly or subconsciously serving the devil's purposes. Sometimes the globalists are even being tricked by the devil, perhaps in the guise of an alien civilization offering to trade technology.

The specific and current goals of the globalists always correspond exactly with what Alex's political enemies are pushing for in the news each day. The globalists are, in Jone's telling, capable of pushing for contradictory and non-nonsensical goals because their underlying goal is always chaos. Therefore there is literally no plan that cannot be attributed to Globalist control, so long as Alex can conceive of events turning out in a way he doesn't like.

The Globalists are usually behind their ideal schedules, usually, or course, because of the consistent and heroic effort that Alex himself has put into delaying them.<references />