'''The Illuminati''' is a fictional group that forms the focus of various historical and modern conspiratorial theories. There was a real 18th century secret society (the Bavarian Illuminati) that loosely forms the basis for these conspiracies, although in modern parlance, the concept is completely divorced from historical reality. The fictional group is usually portrayed as a secretive and powerful global organization with significant social and political influence. There is substantial overlap with various antisemitic ideas derived from [[The Protocols of the Elders of Zion]].

For the purposes of [[Knowledge Fight]], [[Alex Jones]] has referred to the Illuminati in various contexts throughout his career. Alex's statements on the Illuminati are varied and often contradictory. Alex generally implies that the "real Illuminati" (which he prefers to call the [[Globalists]]), created the idea of the Illuminati (or sometimes an actual cats-paw group) to distract the public from their activities<ref>https://fight.fudgie.org/search/episode/20140808_Fri_Alex#line6095</ref><ref>https://fight.fudgie.org/search/keyword/?keywords=Illuminati</ref>.

After meeting [[Leo Zagami]] (and especially during the Trump years when Alex wanted to make in-roads with [[QAnon]] followers), Alex would sometimes claim that both "a good Illuminati and a bad Illuminati" existed and were involved in a shadow war ("[U]s muggles [...] aren't supposed to know what's going on behind the scenes")<ref>https://fight.fudgie.org/search/episode/20170620_Tue_Alex#line10660</ref>.

Taken holistically, it is probably most correct to understand Alex's usage of the term through the "[[Turd in the Punchbowl]]" philosophy that Alex has previously expressed around [[David Icke|David Icke's]] UFO conspiracies. Alex doesn't want to look like a lunatic, but he also wants to appeal to people who believe in the literal Illuminati. He wants to be able to integrate sources that refer to the Illuminati into the patchwork of information he uses to justify his own conspiratorial beliefs. By arguing that information around the Illuminati is intentionally obfuscated, and implying that many such organizations with conflicting goals and names exist, Alex leaves himself the latitude to selectively integrate some Illuminati-related information into his own conspiracies while still being able to disavow the general concept and any specific information he doesn't like.
