{{DEFAULTSORT:
    #_EPISODE_0182S:InfoWars Roulette #2
}}{{DISPLAYTITLE:
    InfoWars Roulette #2
}}{{Episode
    | title           = InfoWars Roulette #2
    | caption         = Listen to this episode on [https://knowledgefight.libsyn.com/knowledge-fight-infowars-roulette-2 Libsyn] [https://open.spotify.com/episode/1SiSLPxJN10bLx8GYkKGgZ Spotify], Read the [[Transcript/InfoWars Roulette 2|Unofficial Transcript]]
    | episodeNumber   = S006
    | length          = 01:46:03
    | airDate         = July 20, 2018
    | episodeType     = [[:Category:Special Edition|Special Edition]]
    | appearance      = [[Tucker Carlson]], [[Alex Jones]], [[David Knight]], [[AOC]], [[Brian Stelter]], [[Bill Maher]], [[Rob Reiner]], [[Roger Stone]], [[Rudy Giuliani]], [[Travis Irvine]], [[Rufio Panman]], [[Owen Shroyer]], [[Sacha Baron Cohen]], [[Rod Rosenstein]], [[Ammon Bundy]], [[Dwight Hammond Jr.]], [[Steven Hammond]], [[New Jersey Weed Man]]
    | previousEpisode = [[182: Pay-To-Play Satan Fears]]
    | nextEpisode     = [[183: February 12-16, 2009]]
}}

{{Stub}}

Today, Dan and Jordan abandon knowing anything ahead of time and listen to random InfoWars videos and see what happens. Does [[David Knight]] sneak his dirty ass into the show? Do the hosts get sidetracked by the glitter of InfoWars? Tune in to find out.

==Tidbits ==

*First episode with Dan? Dan!, "I only know what you tell me about Alex", and Jordan following along with the donor drop
*Episode about Tucker and [[Alex Jones|Alex]] sucked, closed it down, switched to Infowars Roulette
*Surprise! It's David Knight
*Socialist Beauty Queen AOC channels Ms South Carolina
*Give Texas back to Mexico
*[[Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez|AOC]] wants to open the borders
*What the Fuck Congress
*Random skipping in a video winds up in a plug
*Alex does a video review
*Alex is a misogynist and refuses to sell out
*Alex Epic Reaction
*Alex does a video review of [[Brian Stelter]] talking about Alex's July 4 Civil War narrative
*Alex calls himself out on stopping the video a lot
*Dan equates Civil War to Jade Helm
*Alex admits to having 15 Facebook pages
*Why is Mueller Targeting [[Roger Stone]]
*Roger pushes that indictments are not proven, so he's innocent
*Did [[Rudy Giuliani]] do an InfoWars plug, or was it an impersonator?
*Mueller can't prove Guccifer 2.0 is Russian
*Roger wants to counter-indict Rosenstein
*Roger doesn't say the word "shit"
*It's basically a wrestling promo
*Jordan rejects "The Stone Zone"
*Dan knows a comic who was on Stone Zone often
*Proud Boy [[Rufio Panman]] Exposes Violence of Antifa
*Alex interviews Rufio
*They talk about being in fights and it's clear neither of them have ever been in a fight
*Alex wants to hit women
*Proud Boys have the ability to do mid-punch situational analysis
*David Knight interviews [[Ammon Bundy]] about the Hammond pardon
*David Knight talked to New Jersey Weed Man
*Alex talks about [[Sacha Baron Cohen]] trying to catch him for Who Is America
*Sacha Baron Cohen is the king of fake news as well as main stream media
*Showtime is designed to target InfoWars
*[[Owen Shroyer]] roasts a video of a MoveOn.org protest and shits the bed
*Alex has let the trademark for [[Super Male Vitality]] lapse
*Alex has filed trademarks for Honor Roll and Firepower Radio

==Notable Bits==

*Dan? Dan!
*New show intro
*Jordan follows along with donor drop
*PROUD BOIZ!

[[Category:Episodes]]
[[Category:Special Edition]]
