{{Stub}}
InfoWars is the general name and brand for [[Alex Jones]]' propaganda organization. 

While there are several shows on the InfoWars "Network", the most notable and famous is [[The Alex Jones Show]].

InfoWars' corporate structure and business model is complicated. 

== Business Model ==
At a glance, InfoWars sells supplements and survivalist supplies by drumming up dependency and fear in the people who listen to their shows. They also sell clothing and merchandise that advertises the show and core themes from the show. InfoWars also relies on advertisements and other direct sponsorship from a variety of companies.

Finally, InfoWars frequently [[Money Bomb|solicits direct donations]] from their listeners. They convince people to donate with florid and terrifying claims that the world is ending, and messianic promises that InfoWars generally (and Alex Jones specifically) is the last bulwark against total destruction.

=== Past Models ===
Prior to the downfall of [[Midas Resources]] (owned by the same man as the [[Genesis Communications Network]]), InfoWars was heavily involved in selling gold bullion and other products offered by Midas.

In the 2000-2010 era, Alex created and sold a number of conspiracy documentaries (e.g. Loose Change, Endgame). It's unclear if Alex made significant amounts of money directly on these projects. He encouraged his listeners to copy and distribute these films as a publicity and advertising stunt.

Alex has also dabbled in MLMs. In 2017, Alex partnered with Youngevity to offer branded products<ref>https://www.amazon.com/Youngevity-Health-Start-Pack-Jones/dp/B006NAYG9C</ref>. While the exact reimbursement scheme is unclear, it was revealed as part of [[InfoW et. al. Bankruptcy Case|the InfoW Bankruptcy]] that Alex had continued to personally receive monthly payments from Youngevity. Just before the bankruptcy, these payments were redirected to IWHealth.

== Corporate Structure and Related Entities ==
The main corporate entity associated with InfoWars is [[Free Speech Systems LLC]] (FSS). Numerous shell companies, including InfoW (formerly Infowars LLC) and IWHealth (formerly InfoWars Health LLC) exist, but do not appear to have any active operations. Most of these companies declared bankruptcy in April of 2022 in an attempt to derail various defamation proceedings against Jones and his companies. After this ploy failed, the bankruptcy was voluntarily withdrawn. Alex has since claimed that these are "key real companies", although independent third parties like the US Trustee's office contest that the available evidence shows they were not operating companies in the sense required for Chapter 11 Subchapter V bankruptcy.

Another notable entity is [[PQPR]].  PQPR is majority owned by Alex through a web of trusts and shells. Founded in 2013 shortly following Alex's divorce from [[Kelly Jones]], there is no evidence of PQPR operating in any meaningful capacity until 2018, when Alex was sued for a variety of defamatory statements he made. After this point, PQPR claimed that FSS owed it massive amounts of money (in excess of $50M dollars) because PQPR somehow owned all the products that Alex had been selling for some unspecified amount of time since 2013. FSS and PQPR share accounting personnel.

FSS began transferring up to $11K per week into PQPR, where it was funneled into a Trust where Alex is the remainder-man. The people suing Alex Jones allege this is a transparent and fraudulent attempt by Alex to move his assets beyond reach, and have [[Texas TUFTA Case|sued to stop and reverse these transfers under the TUFTA]].