'''James O'Keefe''' is an American conservative political activist, writer, and filmmaker, who is best known for founding the right-wing media group [[Project Veritas]]. O'Keefe has gained attention for his controversial and often deceptive tactics in investigating and exposing alleged liberal bias and corruption in the media, academia, and government.

O'Keefe first gained national attention in 2009, when he released a series of videos that purported to show employees of the community organizing group ACORN providing advice on how to engage in illegal activities, such as tax evasion and human trafficking. The videos were later found to be selectively edited and misleading. Regardless, the resulting firestorm of right-wing outrage caused ACORN to disband.

Since then, O'Keefe has continued to use "undercover" (read, underhanded, misleading, and unethical) tactics to investigate and expose what he sees as liberal bias and corruption. O'Keefe and Project Veritas have used deceptive editing techniques, entrapment, and other unethical tactics in his "investigations". His targets have included media outlets such as CNN and The New York Times, as well as progressive organizations such as Planned Parenthood and environmental groups.

O'Keefe has faced legal challenges related to his tactics, including a 2010 conviction for illegally entering a federal building and wiretapping in New Orleans, Louisiana, as part of an investigation into then-Senator Mary Landrieu's staff. He was, of course, sentenced to probation and continued to do exactly what he was doing before being convicted.
