{{ExternalRedirect}}

On January 6th, 2021, supporters of then President [[Donald Trump]] violently attacked the US Capitol building in an attempt to delay or prevent the certification of the 2020 presidential election, leading to numerous injuries and deaths.

While [[Alex Jones]] did not enter the Capitol, he was present in DC on the 6th and attended a number of the events that frothed Trump supporters up enough to riot. He spent months making increasingly violent and apocalyptic claims on [[InfoWars]], and absolutely bears some moral responsibility for what happened, although unlike some of his guests (e.g. [[Joe Biggs]]) he does not appear to have been directly involved in planning the attack.

Before the scope of the violence became clear, Alex made a series of grandiose claims about how he had brought people to DC and he was leading people to the Capitol at Trump's request. Once violence actually kicked off, Alex quickly ran away to the safety of his hotel, making up blatant falsehoods about the event as it happened in an attempt to downplay it. [[Owen Shroyer]], who was with Jones during the riot, was later charged with being on Capitol grounds in violation of a prior agreement arising from his conduct during the [[Brett Kavanaugh|Kavanaugh]] confirmation hearings, but neither man entered the buildings.

[[Ashli Babbitt]], one of the insurrectionists, was shot when she attempted to rush the Speaker's Lobby through a smashed window. Alex initially lied about Babbitt's injury, claiming without basis that she was injured less severely than she actual was (at the time, he was still downplaying the violence and significance of the attack).

[[385: January 6, 2020|Episode 385]] discusses InfoWars contemporaneous coverage of the attack.

==Relevant Calls for Violence on Infowars==

In the months before the attack, InfoWars employees and guests called for violence at the US Capitol building several times. It's likely that none of these instances rose to the level of incitement (or similar crimes), but they definitely contributed to the attack.

The following are a selection of relevant times violence has been suggested on InfoWars. These are ordered chronologically, with later entries showing a clear development towards specifically calling for violence on January 6th.

This list is also incomplete.

===October 24th, 2019===

While discussing news around Trump's first impeachment, Stewart Rhodes discusses the need to respond with violence if Trump is removed from office. Alex agrees. This discussion is not yet in the context of the election<ref>https://fight.fudgie.org/search/episode/20191024_Thu_Alex#line12185</ref>.

<blockquote>
Stewart Rhodes: It's a coup to stop Trump. He was a firewall that we threw up as a last, you know, last effort to try to do this peacefully. We threw it up as a firewall and voted for Trump, put him in office, but they can't let that play out. They've got to remove him through whatever means necessary. And they're about to use the 25th Amendment. [...] It's just political warfare. But, you know, it lets us know that we've done all we can. '''We're abdicated in some ways for having any restraint once they do this.'''

Alex Jones: Well, they're going to stage terror attacks, though, to make any physical response look improper. Let's war game this when we come back.

<Commercial Break>

</blockquote>

===July 10th, 2020===
Covered in [[456: July 9-11, 2020]].

[[Owen Shroyer]], encouraged by Alex, suggests Trump supporters could attack politicians in DC after the election if Trump is not re-elected<ref>https://fight.fudgie.org/search/episode/20200710_Fri_Alex#line4260</ref>.

<blockquote>
Alex Jones: This has all been a dress rehearsal for stealing the election and having big tech AI totally suppress it all.

Owen Shroyer: And then so they'll come in and they'll say, oh, Biden won, Biden won, and then Trump will say, no, Biden didn't win. Then it'll be the president versus the media. Just that'll be the playing field. You know, our question now, Alex, is we basically have three options. One option is attack. And I mean, '''literally, like it's time to mount up and we'll go make our own autonomous zone and we'll drag these Democrats out by the scruff of their neck.'''

Alex: '''Yeah, the autonomous zones will be inside the Capitol.'''

Owen: Yeah. And so that's one. We can attack.
</blockquote>

===December 15th, 2020===
A caller explicitly calls for extralegal violence as the only alternative to Trump invoking the Insurrection Act. Alex responds by encouraging people to go to DC to protest and notes "I'm going to look at the size of that crowd and decide what I'm going to do"<ref>https://fight.fudgie.org/search/episode/20201215_Tue_Alex#line4562</ref>. Note that this is about the protests in late December, not explicitly about January 6th yet.

<blockquote>
Alex Jones: [Caller Name] says he's a veteran. On what's happening currently-- he wants to give his take. Go ahead, [Caller]. You're on the air from Oregon.

Caller: Hey Alex, long time listener, first time caller. Can you hear me?

Alex: I can, go ahead.

Caller: So, here's the thing. You want to save America, one of two things need to happen. President Trump needs to enact the Insurrection Act, call up the militias, call up the military, protect the White House with the Marine Reserves, start arresting, doing military tribunals, '''or there's blood in the streets'''. That's the only way to keep America free, and it's the only way to keep our country. We've already sold out and we're already down the road to China.

Alex: Well, I'll say this. There was probably a million people in D.C. three weeks ago. And there were probably 200,000 spread out everywhere when I was there last weekend. [...] We should have seen 5 million people in D.C. this weekend, not less. And again, as it becomes evident that Trump's going to have this stolen from him, we need to see 10 million. You don't see less as we begin to lose, you see more. [...] '''This is war, [Caller], and I totally agree with you.''' I'll be in D.C. on the 19th and the 20th. And, you know, '''I'm going to look at the size of that crowd and decide what I'm going to do.''' Go ahead.

Caller: Well, I love you, Alex. I've been listening to you since 2012. I used to think you were a kook, and then all this stuff started happening that you were correct about, and I was like, holy crap. But at what point -- '''do we have to be five minutes into getting our crap pushed in before we get violent and start physically fighting back? I mean, what does it take? We are already there.''' [...] You've got, '''it comes to a point where it's a ballot box and the jury box fell. The only thing left is a cartridge box.''' And...

Alex: No, I hear you, but we have to, we have to get the word out so America understands it's a Chicom takeover. We have a right to go after it. And then we need leadership that's, that's, that's going to move. '''And that's why I'm saying to the bureaucracy, you better get rid of Biden and the globalists politically before this goes to the next level''' and not let the Chicoms start a civil war on this country. I appreciate your call.
</blockquote>

Alex (likely recognizing that this call is well beyond the pale) then starts rambling about how the Feds are always falsely accusing him of trying to incite people to assassinate Biden ("So, and you know, the feds are listening on the line while these conversations are happening."). He then pivots into demonizing trans people while making vague threats ("All you idiots who work for the government, you go ahead and do it. See how that works out for you.").

===December 30th, 2020===

[[Matt Bracken]], hosting The Alex Jones Show, ends the show by explicitly calling for "patriots" to storm the capitol building on January 6th "if necessary" <ref>https://fight.fudgie.org/search/episode/20201231_Thu_Alex#line13324</ref>.

<blockquote>
'''Folks, next week, we have a chance to change the course of history.''' It's not going to be done by Senator Hawley by himself. We can't wait for some, you know, white hat QAnon secret, you know, insiders going to fix it for us. That's not going to happen. All of that has been BS. That's been meant to keep the sheep going in line to the slaughterhouse, nice and calm. Believing in some deus ex machina that was going to pull a rabbit out of the hat and save us, we're not going to be saved by anybody above us.

'''We're going to only be saved by millions of Americans moving to Washington, occupying the entire area, if necessary, storming right into the Capitol.''' We know the rules of engagement. '''If you have enough people, you can push down any kind of a fence or a wall.''' But if not enough patriots show up, then we're just going to watch our freedom go down the drain.

If anybody thinks, and I hope on this show they don't think it, don't worry, in two years we'll win, we'll get them back. That's what they thought in Venezuela. Don't worry about this Hugo Chavez. He'll wreck the economy and then the conservatives will win the next election. No, folks.

If they can steal an election right in front of our face, on video, with, you know, hundreds of thousands of fake ballots, counterfeit ballots, fake names of people that don't exist, and we can't stop it, do you really think we'll ever have another free election in this country? Do you think they'll give us a chance to come back in two years and push the Democrats out?

Next week is a pivot in American history. '''Next week, we are going to stand up as free Americans,''' or we are just going to cringe back to our sofa, watch our country turn into a Ameri-zuela, lose our freedom [...] We're going to be nothing more than peasant slaves [...] And '''the only chance we have to stop this is a mass mobilization next week.'''
</blockquote>

[[Category:Narratives]]

<references />
