'''Leo Lyon Zagami''' is a frequent guest on [[The Alex Jones Show]], and a really strange dude. Leo's typical con involves pretending to be an [[Illuminati]] insider, capable of "revealing" the inner workings and plans of the Illuminati because of his supposed family connections. Similarly, Zagami often claims "insider" insight into the Vatican / Catholic Church. There is no compelling reason to believe Zagami's claims about his involvement with these organizations.

Knowledge Fight profiled Zagami in [[318: July 5, 2019|Episode 318]], which is also the origin of the "I'm Leo, I'm Neo, I'm [...]" outro bit that Dan has done on many episodes since. Unless otherwise specified, that profile is the basis for the contents of this page.

== Aliases ==

Leo has gone by many aliases, although for Knowledge Fight's purposes he has always represented himself as Leo Zagami. These aliases include:

*Leo Young
*Khaled Saifullah Khan

== Leo Young ==
Until 2006, claims Leo worked as a DJ / record producer.

== Involvement with Masonic Lodges ==

One of Leo's supposed proofs of Illuminati involvement is his claim to be a long time member in Masonic lodges. The lodge that Leo claims to have been in growing up closed when he was 6, so it's extremely unlikely he was ever a member. Leo was a member of another lodge (and has posted his membership card), but he was kicked out after less than two years because of behavioral problems, including excessive use of profanity.

Since then, Leo's been involved in a lot of non-official Masonic lodges.

== Relationship with Project Camelot ==

Zagami has appeared on [[Project Camelot]] several times<ref>https://projectcamelot.org/leo_zagami.html</ref>, although his appearances have never been covered directly on the podcast.

Leo appeared on Project Camelot in February 2009. Shortly afterwards, someone claiming to be a Norwegian politician (Zagami lived in Norway at the time) contacted Project Camelot with extravagant claims about Planet X. This lead to Leo being interviewed about these topics on Project Camelot, and raised his profile in conspiracy circles a lot.

== Religious Beliefs and Matrixism ==

Leo has at various times seemed to position himself as the messianic figure in a religion of his own creation called "Matrixism"<ref>Other versions of this religion exist, so it's a little hard to untangle the exact origins of Leo's beliefs.</ref>.

Leo's first marriage was to a Muslim, and for at least some of that marriage, Leo considered himself a Muslim as well. After the end of his first marriage, Leo claimed he converted he converted to "infiltrate" the religion.
