'''Marina Abramović''' is a Serbian performance artist known for her provocative and boundary-pushing work. She has been active in the art world since the 1970s and has gained international recognition for her performances that explore the limits of the human body and mind. In recent years, Abramović has been the subject of false claims and conspiracy theories by far-right propagandists, such as [[Alex Jones]], who have accused her of engaging in Satanic rituals and being involved in child trafficking. These claims have been thoroughly debunked and dismissed as baseless by reliable sources, and Abramović herself has vehemently denied them.

During the [[2016 United States presidential election]], a series of emails from [[John Podesta]], who was the chairman of [[Hillary Clinton]]'s campaign, were hacked and released by [[WikiLeaks]]. One of the emails contained an invitation from Marina Abramović to a fundraising dinner for the Clinton campaign, which included a reference to "spirit cooking." This term refers to a performance art piece that Abramović had done in the past, which involved the use of various bodily fluids<ref>https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/21/arts/design/marina-abramovic-satanist-conspiracy-theory.html</ref>. [[Pizzagate]] promoters falsely claimed that the term was evidence of Abramović's involvement in Satanic rituals and even child trafficking. These claims have been thoroughly debunked, as there is no evidence to support them, and Abramović herself has stated that the reference to "spirit cooking" was simply an invitation to a dinner for people who had donated to her Art Institute. In her own words as quoted in the NYT: "We had lots of fun. There was no human blood, or baby serving, or sex orgies."

==Relevant Episodes by Release Date==
{| class="fandom-table"
!No.
!Title
!Coverage
start date
!Coverage
end date
!Air date
!Episode type
|-
|[[26: March 30 (Special Report)|26]]
|[[26: March 30 (Special Report)]]
|March 30, 2017
|March 30, 2017
|April 3, 2017
|[[:Category:Special Edition|Special Edition]]
|-
|[[137: March 12, 2018|137]]
|[[137: March 12, 2018]]
|March 12, 2018
|March 12, 2018
|March 13, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[144: March 25-31, Part 2|144]]
|[[144: March 25-31, Part 2]]
|March 25, 2018
|March 31, 2018
|April 2, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[295: Crossover With QAnon Anonymous|295]]
|[[295: Crossover With QAnon Anonymous]]
|
|
|May 13, 2019
|[[:Category:Knowledge Fight Interview|Knowledge Fight Interview]], [[:Category:Wacky Wednesday|Wacky Wednesday]]
|-
|[[428: May 1, 2020|428]]
|[[428: May 1, 2020]]
|May 1, 2020
|May 1, 2020
|May 4, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[495: November 4-6, 2016|495]]
|[[495: November 4-6, 2016]]
|November 4, 2016
|November 6, 2016
|October 26, 2020
|[[:Category:2016 Investigation|2016 Investigation]]
|-
|[[512: December 16-17, 2020|512]]
|[[512: December 16-17, 2020]]
|December 16, 2020
|December 17, 2020
|December 18, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|}

[[Category:People]]
