This page serves as a hub for more detailed pages about lawsuits and other legal proceedings related to [[InfoWars]] and it's cast of characters.

Please limit each description to no more than two sentences. More details should be reserved for the dedicated pages.

== [[Connecticut Sandy Hook Lawsuit (Lafferty v. Jones)]] ==

A group of Sandy Hook parents suing Alex for defamatory statements falsely claiming Sandy Hook was faked.

== [[Texas Sandy Hook Lawsuit (Heslin v. Jones)]] ==

A group of Sandy Hook parents suing Alex for defamatory statements falsely claiming Sandy Hook was faked.

== [[Pozner Texas Sandy Hook Lawsuit (Pozner v. Jones)]] ==

A group of Sandy Hook parents suing Alex for defamatory statements falsely claiming Sandy Hook was faked. Note: until recently, the fan community was under the incorrect impression this case had been consolidated into Heslin v. Jones. We're still working to understand the distinct elements of this case.

== [[Texas Parkland Shooting Lawsuit (Fontaine v. Jones)]] ==

The estate of Marcel Fontaine, suing Alex for defamatory statements falsely claiming Fontaine was a school shooter.

== [[Texas TUFTA Case]] ==

Various TX Plaintiffs alleging a fraudulent scheme by Alex Jones to hide his money in a web of shell companies and trusts (including [[PQPR]]).

== [[InfoW et. al. Bankruptcy Case]] ==

A chapter 11 subchapter V bankruptcy case for several shell companies related to InfoWars. Parties suing Alex allege that this lawsuit was "filed to improperly delay [the defamation] trials, attempt to liquidate plaintiffs' claims in this venue instead of by juries of their peers, and provide Jones and FSS all of the protections of the bankruptcy process ... without having to disclose relevant financial and business documentation"<ref>[https://storage.courtlistener.com/recap/gov.uscourts.txsb.455827/gov.uscourts.txsb.455827.36.0.pdf CT Plaintiff's motion to dismiss].</ref>.

== [[Free Speech Systems Bankruptcy Case]] ==

A chapter 11 subchapter V bankruptcy case for [[Free Speech Systems LLC]], the main company associated with InfoWars. Filed during the [[Texas Sandy Hook Lawsuit (Heslin v. Jones)|Heslin v. Jones trial]], and the last business day before [[Connecticut Sandy Hook Lawsuit (Lafferty v. Jones)|Lafferty v. Jones]] started jury selection, there's solid evidence that this is yet another effort by Alex to insulate his own personal wealth from the legal consequences of his own actions.

==[[Chobani v. Jones]]==

Chobani Yogurt and it's owner [[Hamdi Ulukaya]] sued<ref>http://online.wsj.com/public/resources/documents/2017_0424_chobani_v_jones_complaint.PDF</ref> Jones for false and defamatory statements he made alleging that "the company's factory in Idaho, which employs refugees, was connected to a 2016 child sexual assault and a rise in tuberculosis cases"<ref>https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/25/business/chobani-alex-jones.html</ref>. It was settled out of court, and Alex retracted his statements, but has [[279: Formulaic Objections|since hinted]] he still believes the allegations he made.

== [[Owen Shroyer's 2019 Impeachment Arrest]] ==

During Donald Trump's first impeachment trial, [[Owen Shroyer|Owen]] was arrested for disrupting congress to accuse Jerry Nadler of treason. Owen reached an agreement to do some community service, stay away from the Capitol, and have things dropped, but things didn't work out that way.

== [[Owen Shroyer's involvement in Jan 6th]] ==

Owen Shroyer trespassed onto the Capitol grounds during the events of [[January 6th Insurrection|Jan 6th]], but did not enter the building. Because of his still active deferred prosecution agreement stemming from his 2019 conduct, the DOJ has chosen to prosecute him for trespassing and disorderly conduct.

== [[Sam Montoya's involvement in Jan 6th]] ==

InfoWars Cameraman and editor [[Sam Montoya]] entered the Capitol Building while recording video and shouting dumb things. Despite his claim that he was a journalist, he has been arrested and charged, probably because he had absolutely no press credentials and shouted things like "And here we are, taking our — the people's house back!"<ref>https://variety.com/2021/digital/news/infowars-staffer-arrested-us-capitol-riot-1234952083/</ref>.

[[Category:Legal Proceedings]]

