'''Operation Lockstep''' is a false narrative [[Alex Jones|Alex]] pushes (primarily around [[Covid-19]] Denialism) which is very loosely based on misinterpreting a Rockefeller Foundation document written in 2010.

The original document<ref>https://www.nommeraadio.ee/meedia/pdf/RRS/Rockefeller%20Foundation.pdf</ref>, entitled "Scenarios for the Future of Technology and International Development", attempts to imagine a variety of scenarios for how developing technology might affect the world. In the (very clear) words of the document:

{{Quote|text=The goal of this project was not to affirm what is already known and knowable about what is happening right now at the intersections of technology and development. Rather, it was to explore the many ways in which technology and development could co-evolve—could both push and inhibit each other—in the future, and then to begin to examine what those possible alternative paths may imply for the world’s poor and vulnerable populations. Such an exercise required project participants to push their thinking far beyond the status quo, into uncharted territory.}}

The document then goes on to lay out four speculative visions of the future: "Lock Step", "Hack Attack", "Clever Together", "Smart Scramble". Each of these four scenarios supposes either low or high "Political and Economic Alignment" (roughly how much countries tend to work together), and either low or high "Adaptive Capacity" (roughly how adroitly society adapts to new challenges). "Lock Step" is the high-"Political and Economic Alignment", low-"Adaptive Capacity" scenario. The document describes it as:

{{Quote|text=A world of tighter top-down government control and more authoritarian [l]eadership, with limited innovation and growing citizen pushback (sic)}}

From this description alone, you may be able to glean that the Rockefeller Foundation does not consider this a good outcome.

The Lock Step scenario then lays out a 4-page speculative fiction narrative describing the future of the world between 2012  (an avian flu pandemic) and 2026 (protesters in Nigeria overthrow their government). It then spends two pages discussing the potential implications of this scenario on chartable foundations and the development of technology (again, perhaps a hint that this was written by the Rockefeller Foundation as a thought exercise), before jumping into another two page narrative about the life of a woman in India under the scenario.

This document is not a very intentionally not a hard read, or complex to put into proper context. People who use the section about a Bird Flu in 2012 this as part of their Covid denialism narratives are doing so maliciously and intentionally. There is no serious way to interpret the narrative section of the document as a plan or "operation".

Unfortunately, Alex Jones is a malicious and intentional liar, so he has used "Operation Lockstep" as a crown jewel of his conspiracies about Covid-19 for the entire pandemic. Alex makes a variety of claims around this document, but they all boil down to falsely claiming that the Rockefeller Foundation, and by extension the [[Globalists]], are intentionally created and/or exploited the pandemic in order to create the scenario described in the document. The document is generally presented as a "plan" that the Globalists created. The other scenarios and the wider context of the document are pretty much never mentioned, because [[497: Third Try's A Charm|that would be really embarrassing]].<references />
[[Category:Narratives]]
