A lawsuit by parents of the victims of the [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sandy_Hook_Elementary_School_shooting 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School Shooting]. It alleges that false statements Jones made claiming that the shooting was fake or staged were defamatory towards the victims and their family members.

In October of 2021, and after years of sanctionable conduct by the Jones Defendants, [[Judge Maya Gamble]] issued a default judgement, meaning that Jones and his companies are presumed to have committed the alleged conduct and will have to pay damages. The trial to determine the amount of damages is scheduled to start soon (as of July 2022).

There is two very similar cases, [[Texas Sandy Hook Lawsuit (Heslin v. Jones)|Heslin v. Jones in Texas]] and [[Connecticut Sandy Hook Lawsuit (Lafferty v. Jones)|Lafferty v. Jones in Connecticut]]. All have different family members as plaintiffs.

==Parties==

===Plaintiffs===

*[[Leonard Pozner]]
*[[Sandy Hook Family Members|Veronique De La Rosa]]

===Defendants===

*[[Alex Jones|Alex E. Jones]]
*[[InfoW LLC|Infowars, LLC]] (Removed after [[InfoW et. al. Bankruptcy Case|bankruptcy]])
*[[Free Speech Systems LLC|Free Speech Systems, LLC]]

==Legal Counsel==
Especially on the defendants' side, there have been a lot of lawyers involved.
===Representing the Plaintiffs===

*[[Mark Bankston]]
*[[Bill Ogden]]

===Representing the Defendants===
This is in a rough reverse chronological order of when they left the case. Current counsel should be most recent.

*[[Andino Reynal]]
*[[Jacquelyn Blott]]
*[[Eric Taube]]
*[[Michael Burnett]]
*[[Bradley Reeves]]
*[[T. Wade Jefferies]]
*[[Robert Barnes]]
*[[Mark Enoch]]

===Other Roles===

*[[Judge Maya Gamble]] has presided over most of the case.
*[[Brittany Paz]] has appeared as a corporate representative (not as an attorney) for various corporate defendants.
*[[Randall Wilhite]] maybe did something according to Bill Ogden, but exactly what is unclear<ref>https://www.reddit.com/r/KnowledgeFight/comments/v2luvk/comment/iax1fjq/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3</ref>.
*[[Marc Randazza]] appears to have been involved early on in the legal response but never formally represented Jones/FSS in Texas. His Pro Hac Vice was denied.
*[[Norm Pattis]] filed a Pro Hac Vice to represent Alex in TX, but was denied.

<references />
