'''QAnon''' is a sprawling far-right conspiracy theory that emerged on social media in late 2017. The theory is based on the idea that there is a global cabal of elites who are involved in various nefarious activities, such as child trafficking and satanic rituals. It's sort of an extension of the earlier [[Pizzagate]] conspiracy.

QAnon is baseless and dangerous, promoting false information and encouraging distrust of mainstream media and institutions. The theory has been linked to real-world harm, including numerous murders<ref>https://www.npr.org/2019/07/22/744244166/shooters-lawyer-he-wasn-t-trying-to-kill-a-mob-boss-he-was-under-qanon-delusion</ref><ref>https://www.npr.org/2021/08/13/1027133867/children-dead-father-claims-qanon-conspiracy-led-him-to-kill</ref><ref>https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2022/09/12/igor-lanis-murder/</ref>, shootings, kidnappings<ref>https://apnews.com/article/colorado-child-abuse-kidnapping-conspiracy-3bc189e15617f843c1e098d9e9aa28a7</ref>, and the [[January 6th Insurrection|storming of the United States Capitol on January 6, 2021]]. QAnon has also been associated with other forms of extremism, including white nationalism and anti-Semitism.

Supporters of the theory believe in a huge range of related conspiracy theories, including the belief that [[Donald Trump]] is a heroic figure fighting against the global cabal, that the [[Covid-19]] pandemic is a hoax, and that the [[2020 US presidential election]] was stolen from Trump.

The origin of all of this nonsense is a long series of rambling anonymous posts on message boards like 4chan, 8chan, and 8kun by an individual calling themselves "Q". Q claims to be highly placed in the US military and have inside information about the fight against the cabal. While Q has not been definitively identified, there are good reasons to think that [[Ron Watkins]] is responsible for many of the Q posts made on 8kun.
