'''Rebecca Carley''' is a semi-regular guest on the Alex Jones Show. She almost entirely exists to peddle anti-vaccination arguments. The arguments are horrible and based on bad science, but Alex elevates them by presenting them to his audience as coming from a doctor.

===Is Carley A Doctor?===

Rebecca Carley is not a doctor.

In 2003, she had her license to practice medicine stripped by the New York State Board for Professional Medical Conduct, saying she was guilty of "practicing while impaired by a mental disability" and "having a psychiatric condition which impaired her ability to practice medicine"<ref>https://web.archive.org/web/20040812233227/https://www.quackwatch.org/11Ind/carley2.html</ref>.

This was the result of a 10 day hearing, so it was not something that was done lightly. A board-certified psychiatrist interviewed Carley thrice and decided that she suffered from "a delusional disorder with the presence of narcissistic and borderline personality traits." She expressed dangerously paranoid tendencies and thought that she was being persecuted by the government because she was against vaccinations. She felt her persecution was so severe that she referred to herself as "Ghandi with breasts."

The psychiatrist testified that she believed that her husband "sodomized their son as part of a satanic ritual because she does not vaccinate and because she cures children with autism," and that he had been doing so on behalf of the government. There is no evidence that any of this is true.

Multiple professionals testified that Carley's delusions represented a danger to patients, and suspended her license for five years on the condition that she enter psychiatric treatment within a year. She failed to do so, and thus has no license to practice. She couldn't practice medicine in most clinical settings to begin with because, though she graduated from medical school, she never completed a residency.

This all happened in 2003, yet years later, Alex Jones is more than happy to have her on his show, expressing the very delusional ideas that led to her losing her medical license, without warning his audience that there is very good reason to not take her advice seriously.

==Relevant Episodes by Release Date==
{| class="fandom-table"
!No.
!Title
!Coverage
start date
!Coverage
end date
!Air date
!Episode type
|-
|[[206: March 4-5, 2009|206]]
|[[206: March 4-5, 2009]]
|March 4, 2009
|March 5, 2009
|September 17, 2018
|[[:Category:Tea Party Investigation|Tea Party Investigation]]
|-
|[[209: Drunk Hotel Interview|209]]
|[[209: Drunk Hotel Interview]]
|
|
|September 24, 2018
|[[:Category:Special Edition|Special Edition]]
|-
|[[215: March 11-12, 2009|215]]
|[[215: March 11-12, 2009]]
|March 11, 2009
|March 12, 2009
|October 12, 2018
|[[:Category:Tea Party Investigation|Tea Party Investigation]]
|}

[[Category:People]]
[[Category:Alex Jones Show guests]]
