'''Robert 'Bobby' Barnes''' is a lawyer, guest and occasional host of [[InfoWars]].

While he was originally hired as a lawyer for [[Alex Jones|Alex]] in the [[Texas Sandy Hook Lawsuit (Heslin v. Jones)|Texas Sandy Hook Cases]], Barnes quickly became more notable for his willingness to appear on Alex's show as a guest and prop up whatever crazy legal posturing Alex wanted to make that week. Barnes is a self-proclaimed "Constitutional Lawyer" although it is unclear why he would actually have any expertise in any relevant area of law.

More likely Barnes' epithet is simply cover for the fact that Alex would like to falsely imagine that the defamation cases against him violate his first amendment rights (they don't) and were filed by people who were against the second amendment (a farcical and inaccurate description of the parents of victims at Sandy Hook). In reality, Alex's legal representation by Barnes and others was so incompetent that he was defaulted, meaning he was determined to have willfully avoided the steps required to make those types of arguments in court. This is likely because Alex and his lawyers know that these "defenses" are in fact incompetent theater with no bearing on the actual law.

Eventually Barnes stopped representing Alex in his Texas legal proceedings, but he has continued to hang around InfoWars Studios.

Barnes seems intent on worming his way onto the InfoWars airwaves, leading the Knowledge Fight hosts to joke he's trying to take over Alex's operation. In fact, even as InfoWars more recent lawyers, like [[Jacquelyn Blott]], have clearly indicated that suing Barnes for legal malpractice is a possibility, Barnes has been chosen to host [[The Alex Jones Show]] while Alex appears in court in the matters where Barnes representation partially lead to a default.

== Other Clients ==

Barnes has also represented other high profile clients in their own quixotic quests, including representing Amy Cooper (who called 911 on a black birdwatcher) when she hilariously sued her former employer for racial discrimination<ref>https://www.nytimes.com/2021/05/26/nyregion/amy-cooper-suing-racial-discrimination.html</ref>. Other clients (some of whom parted on rocky terms) include Kyle Rittenhouse, the Covington High School Students, Ralph Nader, and actor Wesley Snipes.

Barnes seems very comfortable losing cases across a wide variety of legal fields, representing defendants in criminal cases regarding filing false police police reports and tax evasion,  as well as civil cases like Alex's defamation case.

[[Category:People]]