'''Roger Jason Stone''' (born '''Roger Joseph Stone Jr.'''; August 27, 1952) is a sleazy political operative with a robust decades-long career behind him, full of every reason in the book to not trust him. For whatever reason, toward the end of 2015 and going into the beginning of 2016, [[Alex Jones]] decided that Roger was his new best friend. At the time of this writing, it appears that this was not a good decision.

That said, he has an amazing collection of hats.

==Roger's History In Politics==

Though his career began before he was involved in [[Donald Trump]]'s 2016 presidential campaign, it is very worth noting that he wasn't there by accident. He has been trying to get Trump to run for president forever. He was profiled in the New York Times in 1999 about how Trump was going to run in the 2000 election (spoiler alert: he did, and Roger was his campaign director, but he quickly withdrew his candidacy because the Reform Party was a mess)<ref>https://www.nytimes.com/1999/11/18/nyregion/public-lives-the-ego-behind-the-ego-in-a-trump-gamble.html</ref><ref>http://p2000.us/trumpout.html</ref>. Roger even did an interview on C-SPAN about Trump's 2000 candidacy, which is all just to say that they were making an effort<ref>https://www.c-span.org/video/?153873-1/trump-presidential-campaign</ref>.

Trump pretended he was going to run again in 2012, and went so far as to give a speech at CPAC before endorsing Mitt Romney. Roger, again, was pushing for him to run. Fun fact about that speech, Trump spent a bit of his time shitting on [[Ron Paul]], which is something you'd think Alex wouldn't like<ref>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agkhOuu1lCI</ref>.

Roger got his start in politics in high school Student Government, which is not surprising<ref>https://www.nytimes.com/1999/11/18/nyregion/public-lives-the-ego-behind-the-ego-in-a-trump-gamble.html</ref>. Student Government, with very few exceptions, attracts overachievers and sleazy monsters, and occasionally people who are both.

Roger claims that he read Conscience of a Conservative, which led him to volunteer for Barry Goldwater's 1964 election campaign. That is a great story of political awakening, but also, Roger was born in 1952, so he would have been 11 or 12 years old during that campaign. Though Goldwater was a lunatic, it still seems unlikely his campaign would have allowed a sixth grader to do much more than stay out of the way and maybe hand out some fliers.

Roger Stone hit the ground running after that, scoring a position in Richard Nixon's 1972 campaign. He was allegedly a "scheduler," but made a name for himself by making a donation to one of Nixon's potential Democratic rivals pretending he represented the Young Socialist Alliance, then tipping off the press about it to smear the rival<ref>https://propertyofthepeople.org/2018/09/07/fbi-documents-on-roger-stone-reveal-sabotage-espionage-and-the-life-of-a-serial-bagman/</ref>. He did a lot of work that might be classified as "pranks" or "being a dick" like "sending 200 Democrats invitations to a non-existent primary campaign breakfast"<ref>https://theoutline.com/post/6155/fbi-documents-detail-roger-stones-watergate-era-dirty-tricks?zd=1&zi=bbjvgbfl</ref>.

He almost certainly was also involved in orchestrating surveillance on Democrats and acting as a bag-man to pay for some of Richard Nixon's dirty work<ref>https://propertyofthepeople.org/2018/09/07/fbi-documents-on-roger-stone-reveal-sabotage-espionage-and-the-life-of-a-serial-bagman/</ref>. Not to put too fine a point on this, but the 1972 election is when Watergate was going on. Though he denies that he was involved with the break-in and didn't do anything illegal back then, Roger was involved in the exact same sort of work for the same president at the same time, so it is also entirely possible that Roger is lying about not being involved. He has a long history of lying when it suits him, so it's conceivable this is just another example of that behavior.

After Nixon got impeached and resigned, Roger went on to form Black, Manafort, and Stone, a high-powered lobbying group. His partners in that were Charlie Black (got his start working on the senatorial campaign of championship racist Jesse Helms) and [[Paul Manafort]] (recently charged with Conspiracy Against The United States<ref>https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2018/8/21/17648760/manafort-trial-guilty-verdict-mueller-trump-russia</ref>). The group would go on to include [[Lee Atwater]] (the man behind the flagrantly racist Will Horton smear on Michael Dukakis<ref>https://www.cnn.com/2018/11/01/politics/willie-horton-ad-1988-explainer-trnd/index.html</ref>). It was stacked with nothing but the coolest dudes around.

Black, Manafort and Stone (BMS) were the sort of shit-heels one would expect in the world of Washington lobbying. They lobbied on behalf of the tobacco industry, which is kind of par for the course, but their overseas work is really what makes them stick out in the muck of power players. In the 1980's, they were contracted by<ref>https://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php/Black,_Manafort,_Stone_and_Kelly</ref>:

*'''Mobutu Sese Seko of Zaire''', a dictator who embezzled at least $5 billion from his country's treasury and from US foreign aid to amass his own fortune<ref>http://articles.latimes.com/1997-05-17/news/mn-59626_1_dictator-mobutu-zaire</ref>. For 32 years, Seko ran the country with a ruthless brutality. He tortured and killed political dissidents, often performing their executions in public to terrorize the public and remind them what would happen to anyone who resisted his singular authority over the country<ref>https://www.chicagotribune.com/news/ct-xpm-1997-04-29-9704290128-story.html</ref>. Officials from the United Nations have said he presided over the "worst human rights conditions in Africa"<ref>https://www.chicagotribune.com/news/ct-xpm-1997-04-29-9704290128-story.html</ref>. The world will never know how many people he tortured and killed, but they do know that even after all he had done, Roger Stone's firm was more than willing to accept money to lobby for him.
*'''Ferdinand Marcos of the Philippines''', another dictator who was super into stealing his country's money to use himself. In 1988, Marcos was charged with fraud, racketeering, and of embezzling over $100 million from his country's treasury and using the money to buy properties in New York<ref>https://www.nytimes.com/1988/10/22/world/marcos-and-wife-8-others-charged-by-us-with-fraud.html</ref>. In a wild coincidence, one of the properties that he bought was 40 Wall Street, which would go on to become The Trump Building, a home for countless criminal enterprises and the address of Trump University<ref>https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/40_Wall_Street</ref><ref>https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2016-trump-40-wall-street/</ref>. Beyond that, Ferdinand Marcos was a monster, who presided over a regime responsible for at least 3,257 documented extrajudicial killings<ref>https://www.manilatimes.net/3257-fact-checking-the-marcos-killings-1975-1985/255735/</ref>. Marcos had a pattern of killing political dissidents, dismembering/mutilating their bodies, and leaving them out in the open for people to find, as a means of terrorizing the public<ref>https://web.archive.org/web/20180618175350/https://www.amnesty.org/download/Documents/204000/asa350191977en.pdf</ref>. None of this was enough to stop Roger Stone's firm from accepting money to lobby for him.

There are plenty of other examples of clients taken on by the individual partners in the firm, but these examples should highlight the utter cynicism and nihilism toward any sense of morality that someone like Roger Stone operates with. It is not like Seko and Marcos turned bad after Stone stopped working with them, he was there after their atrocities and during them. He is fine supporting dictators, so long as he makes his cut.

Roger would go on to work on the presidential campaign of Bob Dole, in the 1996 election. He would resign the position after Dick Morris revealed that Roger had put out a classified ad in Florida seeking people to swing with him and his wife<ref>https://www.nytimes.com/1999/11/18/nyregion/public-lives-the-ego-behind-the-ego-in-a-trump-gamble.html</ref>. At first, Roger denied that he had put out the ad, but eventually admitted he had done it.

This is not pointed out to shame Roger for swinging, that is totally cool; we only include this because it perfectly encapsulates how Roger works:

**'''When bad news comes out, deny it aggressively and blame someone else'''. After the accusation was made public, Roger went on Good Morning America and said that "a domestic employee who I discharged for substance abuse on the second time that we learned that he had a drug problem is the perpetrator" of posting the swingers' ads<ref>http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/08/24/AR2007082402122_3.html</ref>.
**'''Later, when it doesn't matter, admit that you were lying about your denial'''. In 2008, Roger admitted that he posted the ads and that the story of a drug addicted domestic employee was bullshit he made up<ref>https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2008/06/02/the-dirty-trickster</ref>.
**'''Repeat'''. This is Roger's pattern, and he just keeps repeating it over and over.

Though Roger initially helped Trump with his 2000 campaign as the Reform Party candidate, when Trump called it quits, Roger went to work as a shady GOP operative and did whatever he could to help George W. Bush win the election.  Roger's primary goal was stopping the recount of votes in Florida, because he knew that if the recount continued, Al Gore would win. And so, he went to work manufacturing the Brooks Brother Riot<ref>https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2008/06/02/the-dirty-trickster</ref>:<blockquote>We set up a Winnebago trailer, right over here. I set up my command center there. I had walkie-talkies and cell phones, and I was in touch with our people in the building. Our whole idea was to shut the recount down. That was why we were there…Most of the people there were people that we drew to the scene.</blockquote>Roger Stone, by his own account, was involved in what was categorically a legislative coup that installed George W. Bush as president and led to countless horrors both in this country and abroad. Kind of strange that Alex Jones, who hates Bush so much, is best friends with a guy who worked so hard to subvert the democratic process to make Bush president.

Roger would go on to defend George W. Bush during his reelection campaign when documents came up that showed he may have dodged the draft in Vietnam. Some thought this was a Roger Stone style dirty trick, so Roger took to the TV to clear his name and deflect from the real issue and make accusations about the Kerry campaign being behind the documents. As Roger put it, "I definitely saw the opening to be a good party man"<ref>https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2008/06/02/the-dirty-trickster</ref>.

After all that, Roger would go on to be a part of a bunch of other failed campaigns, until he finally got Trump to make a "real run" for president in 2016.

==Trump Campaign==

Roger Stone either quit or was fired from the Trump campaign on August 8, 2015. Trump said he fired Roger, Roger said he quit because he didn't like the direction of the campaign, what with Trump making crude, sexist comments about Megyn Kelly during the Republican primary debate. Somehow that reasoning doesn't make sense, considering he went on to work for Alex Jones, who has made a sport of being a sexist asshole about Megyn Kelly.

Given Roger's track record and set of skills, this "he said-he said" looks a lot like a fake fight that achieves everyone's objectives. Roger now has the public image of a dust-up, and is now apparently disconnected from the campaign in any official capacity, thus they can deny any involvement in whatever dirty tricks he gets up to. Trump has plausible deniability and Roger has carte blanche to play his game.

Without official connection to the campaign, Roger was free to become a shameless propagandist and turn InfoWars into the media arm of the Trump campaign, which he proceeded to do very easily.

==Wikileaks And Guccifer 2.0==

As of this writing, it is pretty hard to say exactly what the truth is about Roger Stone's involvement in the campaign to hack and release Hillary Clinton's emails in a coordinated fashion. It would be naive to think that, given who he is, who he was working for, and his track record, that he didn't have some role in things, but until there is more public proof, we prefer to not speculate too wildly.

One thing we do know is that Alex has said, on his own broadcast, that during the 2016 campaign, he enlisted Roger to get him in touch with Assange. Whether Roger succeeded or not, or whether he told Alex he had is anyone's guess, but Alex definitely solicited Roger to get in touch (see Episode #245).

While we can't say for certain what the reality is behind any of this, there is one interesting wrinkle that sticks out about Roger Stone and his alleged contact with Julian Assange of Wikileaks, and that is how well his denials of his involvement in this affair match his pattern of past denials of things he absolutely did. The aggressive, immediate denials, the slow stream of evidence that points to him lying, the attempts to push attention in other people's direction, it's all there. But there's one element that is of particular interest.

Roger claims that he did not contact Assange, but that he got his information through Randy Credico, a comedian and talk show host from New York. Credico denies this, but also text messages have come out that indicate that they are both probably lying<ref>https://www.businessinsider.com/roger-stone-randy-credico-text-messages-wikileaks-2018-11</ref>. Whatever the case may be, the news reports about the situation all say that Roger and Credico were friends until they had diverging stories about how Roger got information from Wikileaks, with Roger's story being "it's all Randy Credico's fault."

What these news reports seem to miss is that Roger Stone loves to blame Randy Credico for things he did.

In 2007, Roger was forced to resign from the campaign of Joseph Bruno, who was running against Eliot Spitzer for Governor of New York. This was the result of Roger leaving a threatening and expletive-laced voicemail on Spitzer's 83 year-old father's answering machine<ref>https://www.nytimes.com/2007/08/23/nyregion/23stone.html</ref>.

Just as he did in 1996 in the Dole campaign, he stepped down from his position, and aggressively denied the accusation, claiming the story was false. The tape was fake he said. Then, after Spitzer's father hired a private investigator who traced the call to Stone's wife's phone, Roger played the same card he tried in 1996 when he blamed the "domestic employee." He told the press "someone could well have broken into his home and made that call"<ref>http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/08/24/AR2007082402122_2.html</ref>. He insisted that he couldn't have made the call because he was at the theater seeing Frost/Nixon that night, but was left without an answer when it was pointed out that the play was dark that night.

Roger absolutely made that phone call. Even Trump said, "they caught Roger red-handed, lying. What he did was ridiculous and stupid"<ref>https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2008/06/02/the-dirty-trickster</ref>. His denials fit his pattern, and his alibi and excuses are paper-thin.

And then, when he was left with nowhere else to turn, he claimed that Randy Credico had impersonated his voice on the tape to frame him<ref>http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/08/24/AR2007082402122_2.html</ref>. He claimed that Credico was addicted to cocaine and was mad that Roger never paid him a fee for introducing him to Al Sharpton. Credico laughed off the claims and categorically denied them, because of course that was Roger on the tape.

This does not prove that Roger Stone committed any crimes as it relates to Wikileaks, but it should give any right thinking person pause to consider how Roger's behavior after the accusations almost perfectly fits his pattern of dealing with these sorts of situations in the past. Much like serial killers form patterns, so do liars.

==Roger And Alex==

Roger Stone and Alex Jones met in 2013 at a JFK Assassination Convention, and were acquaintances until right after Roger left Trump's campaign.

Roger made his first appearance on InfoWars on November 9, 2015 and their conversation is not one between friends, or even people who know each other well. They are not well acquainted.  A month later, Donald Trump would appear on [[The Alex Jones Show]], an interview that was arranged by Roger. Roger has said as much, and he's even gone on record saying that he convinced Alex to support Trump<ref>https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/style/how-alex-jones-conspiracy-theorist-extraordinaire-got-donald-trumps-ear/2016/11/17/583dc190-ab3e-11e6-8b45-f8e493f06fcd_story.html?utm_term=.536684af5d9a</ref>, and that Alex is a "valuable asset."

If there is any point to really drive home, it is that no one should, under any circumstances, believe anything Roger says. His record is one of pathological lying, malicious intent, and being surrounded by con-men.

==Relevant Episodes by Release Date==
{| class="fandom-table"
!No.
!Title
!Coverage
start date
!Coverage
end date
!Air date
!Episode type
|-
|[[3: The Secret of 2017|3]]
|[[3: The Secret of 2017]]
|
|
|January 16, 2017
|[[:Category:Special Edition|Special Edition]]
|-
|[[4: Research and Stand Up|4]]
|[[4: Research and Stand Up]]
|
|
|January 18, 2017
|[[:Category:Deep Dive|Deep Dive]]
|-
|[[5: January 19, 2017|5]]
|[[5: January 19, 2017]]
|January 19, 2017
|January 19, 2017
|January 20, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[6: Inauguration Speech Recap|6]]
|[[6: Inauguration Speech Recap]]
|
|
|January 23, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[10: February 6, 2017|10]]
|[[10: February 6, 2017]]
|February 6, 2017
|February 6, 2017
|February 8, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[12: Jon Rappoport|12]]
|[[12: Jon Rappoport]]
|
|
|February 15, 2017
|[[:Category:Special Edition|Special Edition]]
|-
|[[13: February 14, 2017|13]]
|[[13: February 14, 2017]]
|February 14, 2017
|February 14, 2017
|February 16, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[15: February 20-21, 2017|15]]
|[[15: February 20-21, 2017]]
|February 20, 2017
|February 21, 2017
|February 22, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[17: February 7, 2017|17]]
|[[17: February 7, 2017]]
|February 7, 2017
|February 7, 2017
|March 1, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[18: March 1, 2017/Super Bowl Bonus|18]]
|[[18: March 1, 2017/Super Bowl Bonus]]
|March 1, 2017
|March 1, 2017
|March 3, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[20: March 6 & Celebrity Cameos|20]]
|[[20: March 6 & Celebrity Cameos]]
|March 6, 2017
|March 6, 2017
|March 13, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[21: March 9, 2017|21]]
|[[21: March 9, 2017]]
|March 9, 2017
|March 9, 2017
|March 14, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[22: March 14, 2017|22]]
|[[22: March 14, 2017]]
|March 14, 2017
|March 14, 2017
|March 16, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[23: March 16-17, 2017|23]]
|[[23: March 16-17, 2017]]
|March 16, 2017
|March 17, 2017
|March 20, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[25: Dennis Montgomery Investigation|25]]
|[[25: Dennis Montgomery Investigation]]
|March 20, 2017
|March 24, 2017
|March 28, 2017
|[[:Category:Deep Dive|Deep Dive]], [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[26: March 30 (Special Report)|26]]
|[[26: March 30 (Special Report)]]
|March 30, 2017
|March 30, 2017
|April 3, 2017
|[[:Category:Special Edition|Special Edition]]
|-
|[[29: April 11, 2017|29]]
|[[29: April 11, 2017]]
|April 11, 2017
|April 11, 2017
|April 12, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[30: April 14, 2017|30]]
|[[30: April 14, 2017]]
|April 14, 2017
|April 14, 2017
|April 17, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[35: Custody Press Conference|35]]
|[[35: Custody Press Conference]]
|
|
|May 1, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[38: 30 Hour Marathon Coverage|38]]
|[[38: 30 Hour Marathon Coverage]]
|
|
|May 9, 2017
|[[:Category:Special Edition|Special Edition]]
|-
|[[40: May 10, 2017|40]]
|[[40: May 10, 2017]]
|May 10, 2017
|May 10, 2017
|May 11, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[41: May 12, 2017|41]]
|[[41: May 12, 2017]]
|May 12, 2017
|May 12, 2017
|May 16, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[42: March 11, 2014|42]]
|[[42: March 11, 2014]]
|March 11, 2014
|March 11, 2014
|May 17, 2017
|[[:Category:Time Travel|Time Travel]]
|-
|[[43: May 17, 2017|43]]
|[[43: May 17, 2017]]
|May 17, 2017
|May 17, 2017
|May 19, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[44: May 22, 2017|44]]
|[[44: May 22, 2017]]
|May 22, 2017
|May 22, 2017
|May 24, 2017
|[[:Category:Special Edition|Special Edition]]
|-
|[[45: May 25, 2017|45]]
|[[45: May 25, 2017]]
|May 25, 2017
|May 25, 2017
|May 29, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[46: June 18, 2015|46]]
|[[46: June 18, 2015]]
|June 18, 2015
|June 18, 2015
|May 30, 2017
|[[:Category:2015 Investigation|2015 Investigation]]
|-
|[[47: June 19-July 5, 2015|47]]
|[[47: June 19-July 5, 2015]]
|June 19, 2015
|July 5, 2015
|May 31, 2017
|[[:Category:2015 Investigation|2015 Investigation]]
|-
|[[48: May 31, 2017|48]]
|[[48: May 31, 2017]]
|May 31, 2017
|May 31, 2017
|June 1, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[49: July 6-13. 2015|49]]
|[[49: July 6-13. 2015]]
|July 6, 2015
|July 13, 2015
|June 5, 2017
|[[:Category:2015 Investigation|2015 Investigation]]
|-
|[[52: July 14-21, 2015|52]]
|[[52: July 14-21, 2015]]
|July 14, 2015
|July 21, 2015
|June 12, 2017
|[[:Category:2015 Investigation|2015 Investigation]]
|-
|[[55: Megyn Kelly Interview Pt. 2|55]]
|[[55: Megyn Kelly Interview Pt. 2]]
|
|
|June 19, 2017
|[[:Category:InfoWars Interview|InfoWars Interview]]
|-
|[[56: July 22-Aug 11, 2015|56]]
|[[56: July 22-Aug 11, 2015]]
|July 22, 2015
|August 11, 2015
|June 23, 2017
|[[:Category:2015 Investigation|2015 Investigation]]
|-
|[[57: August 12-16, 2015|57]]
|[[57: August 12-16, 2015]]
|August 12, 2015
|August 16, 2015
|June 25, 2017
|[[:Category:2015 Investigation|2015 Investigation]]
|-
|[[61: July 5, 2017|61]]
|[[61: July 5, 2017]]
|July 5, 2017
|July 5, 2017
|July 6, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[63: July 12, 2017|63]]
|[[63: July 12, 2017]]
|July 12, 2017
|July 12, 2017
|July 13, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[64: Aug 27-Sep 1, 2015|64]]
|[[64: Aug 27-Sep 1, 2015]]
|August 27, 2015
|September 1, 2015
|July 17, 2017
|[[:Category:2015 Investigation|2015 Investigation]]
|-
|[[68: September 19-28, 2015|68]]
|[[68: September 19-28, 2015]]
|September 19, 2015
|September 28, 2015
|July 31, 2017
|[[:Category:2015 Investigation|2015 Investigation]]
|-
|[[69: August 1, 2017|69]]
|[[69: August 1, 2017]]
|August 1, 2017
|August 1, 2017
|August 2, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[70: Sep 29- Oct 3, 2015|70]]
|[[70: Sep 29- Oct 3, 2015]]
|September 29, 2015
|October 3, 2015
|August 4, 2017
|[[:Category:2015 Investigation|2015 Investigation]]
|-
|[[72: August 9, 2017|72]]
|[[72: August 9, 2017]]
|August 9, 2017
|August 9, 2017
|August 11, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[74: October 4-6, 2015|74]]
|[[74: October 4-6, 2015]]
|October 4, 2015
|October 6, 2015
|August 17, 2017
|[[:Category:2015 Investigation|2015 Investigation]]
|-
|[[76: October 7-11, 2015|76]]
|[[76: October 7-11, 2015]]
|October 7, 2015
|October 11, 2015
|August 23, 2017
|[[:Category:2015 Investigation|2015 Investigation]]
|-
|[[77: August 23, 2017|77]]
|[[77: August 23, 2017]]
|August 23, 2017
|August 23, 2017
|August 25, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[78: October 12-15, 2015|78]]
|[[78: October 12-15, 2015]]
|October 12, 2015
|October 15, 2015
|August 30, 2017
|[[:Category:2015 Investigation|2015 Investigation]]
|-
|[[80: October 16-26, 2015|80]]
|[[80: October 16-26, 2015]]
|October 16, 2015
|October 26, 2015
|September 5, 2017
|[[:Category:2015 Investigation|2015 Investigation]]
|-
|[[82: Oct. 27-Nov. 9, 2015|82]]
|[[82: Oct. 27-Nov. 9, 2015]]
|October 27, 2015
|November 9, 2015
|September 11, 2017
|[[:Category:2015 Investigation|2015 Investigation]]
|-
|[[85: September 20-21, 2017|85]]
|[[85: September 20-21, 2017]]
|September 20, 2017
|September 21, 2017
|September 22, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[88: The 2015 Investigation Ends|88]]
|[[88: The 2015 Investigation Ends]]
|December 16, 2015
|December 30, 2015
|October 2, 2017
|[[:Category:2015 Investigation|2015 Investigation]]
|-
|[[89: December 31, 2015|89]]
|[[89: December 31, 2015]]
|December 31, 2015
|December 31, 2015
|October 9, 2017
|[[:Category:2015 Investigation|2015 Investigation]]
|-
|[[92: October 13 & 16, 2017|92]]
|[[92: October 13 & 16, 2017]]
|October 13, 2017
|October 16, 2017
|October 17, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[93: 2015 Investigation Last Looks|93]]
|[[93: 2015 Investigation Last Looks]]
|
|
|October 19, 2017
|[[:Category:2015 Investigation|2015 Investigation]]
|-
|[[94: October 19, 2017|94]]
|[[94: October 19, 2017]]
|October 19, 2017
|October 19, 2017
|October 20, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[96: October 22-23, 2017|96]]
|[[96: October 22-23, 2017]]
|October 22, 2017
|October 23, 2017
|October 25, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[97: October 25, 2017|97]]
|[[97: October 25, 2017]]
|October 25, 2017
|October 25, 2017
|October 27, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[98: May 2-3, 2012|98]]
|[[98: May 2-3, 2012]]
|May 2, 2012
|May 3, 2012
|October 30, 2017
|[[:Category:Time Travel|Time Travel]]
|-
|[[99: November 1, 2017|99]]
|[[99: November 1, 2017]]
|November 1, 2017
|November 1, 2017
|November 2, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[100: January 6-7, 2016|100]]
|[[100: January 6-7, 2016]]
|January 6, 2016
|January 7, 2016
|November 6, 2017
|[[:Category:2016 Investigation|2016 Investigation]]
|-
|[[101: January 11, 2016|101]]
|[[101: January 11, 2016]]
|January 11, 2016
|January 11, 2016
|November 13, 2017
|[[:Category:2016 Investigation|2016 Investigation]]
|-
|[[102: Alex On Russian Media|102]]
|[[102: Alex On Russian Media]]
|
|
|November 14, 2017
|[[:Category:Deep Dive|Deep Dive]]
|-
|[[105: March 18, 2014|105]]
|[[105: March 18, 2014]]
|March 18, 2014
|March 18, 2014
|November 22, 2017
|[[:Category:Time Travel|Time Travel]]
|-
|[[106: Drunk Special Report|106]]
|[[106: Drunk Special Report]]
|
|
|November 27, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[107: December 12, 2014|107]]
|[[107: December 12, 2014]]
|December 12, 2014
|December 12, 2014
|November 29, 2017
|[[:Category:Time Travel|Time Travel]]
|-
|[[109: December 4, 2017|109]]
|[[109: December 4, 2017]]
|December 4, 2017
|December 4, 2017
|December 5, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[110: December 5, 2017|110]]
|[[110: December 5, 2017]]
|December 5, 2017
|December 5, 2017
|December 7, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[111: January 21-22, 2016|111]]
|[[111: January 21-22, 2016]]
|January 21, 2016
|January 22, 2016
|December 11, 2017
|[[:Category:2016 Investigation|2016 Investigation]]
|-
|[[112: December 15, 2017|112]]
|[[112: December 15, 2017]]
|December 15, 2017
|December 15, 2017
|December 19, 2017
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[115: January 2, 2018|115]]
|[[115: January 2, 2018]]
|January 2, 2018
|January 2, 2018
|January 3, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[116: January 5, 2018|116]]
|[[116: January 5, 2018]]
|January 5, 2018
|January 5, 2018
|January 8, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[117: January 8, 2018|117]]
|[[117: January 8, 2018]]
|January 8, 2018
|January 8, 2018
|January 9, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[118: January 10-11, 2018|118]]
|[[118: January 10-11, 2018]]
|January 10, 2018
|January 11, 2018
|January 12, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[123: March 18, 2008|123]]
|[[123: March 18, 2008]]
|March 18, 2008
|March 18, 2008
|January 26, 2018
|[[:Category:Time Travel|Time Travel]]
|-
|[[126: February 2, 2018 (Special Report)|126]]
|[[126: February 2, 2018 (Special Report)]]
|February 2, 2018
|February 2, 2018
|February 5, 2018
|[[:Category:Special Edition|Special Edition]]
|-
|[[133: Operation Paul Revere|133]]
|[[133: Operation Paul Revere]]
|
|
|March 5, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[135: The Wikileaks Press Conference|135]]
|[[135: The Wikileaks Press Conference]]
|October 4, 2016
|October 4, 2016
|March 9, 2018
|[[:Category:Time Travel|Time Travel]]
|-
|[[136: March 30-31, 2008|136]]
|[[136: March 30-31, 2008]]
|March 30, 2008
|March 31, 2008
|March 12, 2018
|[[:Category:Tea Party Investigation|Tea Party Investigation]]
|-
|[[138: March 13-15, 2018|138]]
|[[138: March 13-15, 2018]]
|March 13, 2018
|March 15, 2018
|March 16, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[139: St. Patrick's Day Special Report|139]]
|[[139: St. Patrick's Day Special Report]]
|March 17, 2018
|March 17, 2018
|March 19, 2018
|[[:Category:Special Edition|Special Edition]]
|-
|[[141: March 20-22, 2018|141]]
|[[141: March 20-22, 2018]]
|March 20, 2018
|March 22, 2018
|March 23, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[142: March 23, 2018|142]]
|[[142: March 23, 2018]]
|March 23, 2018
|March 23, 2018
|March 26, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[143: March 25-31 Part 1|143]]
|[[143: March 25-31 Part 1]]
|March 25, 2018
|March 31, 2018
|April 2, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[145: April 2, 2018|145]]
|[[145: April 2, 2018]]
|April 2, 2018
|April 2, 2018
|April 4, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[146: April 4, 2018|146]]
|[[146: April 4, 2018]]
|April 4, 2018
|April 4, 2018
|April 6, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[148: June 1-3, 2009|148]]
|[[148: June 1-3, 2009]]
|June 1, 2009
|June 3, 2009
|April 10, 2018
|[[:Category:Time Travel|Time Travel]]
|-
|[[149: The Press Conference|149]]
|[[149: The Press Conference]]
|April 10, 2018
|April 10, 2018
|April 13, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[150: Alex Jones Attempts A Face Turn|150]]
|[[150: Alex Jones Attempts A Face Turn]]
|
|
|April 14, 2018
|[[:Category:Special Edition|Special Edition]]
|-
|[[151: April 16, 2018|151]]
|[[151: April 16, 2018]]
|April 16, 2018
|April 16, 2018
|April 17, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[152: April 18, 2018|152]]
|[[152: April 18, 2018]]
|April 18, 2018
|April 18, 2018
|April 20, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[157: WWE's Kane (Ft. Marty DeRosa)|157]]
|[[157: WWE's Kane (Ft. Marty DeRosa)]]
|
|
|May 4, 2018
|[[:Category:InfoWars Interview|InfoWars Interview]]
|-
|[[161: May 14, 2018|161]]
|[[161: May 14, 2018]]
|May 14, 2018
|May 14, 2018
|May 16, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[162: May 19, 2018|162]]
|[[162: May 19, 2018]]
|May 19, 2018
|May 19, 2018
|May 21, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[165: Rotondo, Round 2|165]]
|[[165: Rotondo, Round 2]]
|May 25, 2018
|May 25, 2018
|May 30, 2018
|[[:Category:InfoWars Interview|InfoWars Interview]], [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[174: February 11, 2009|174]]
|[[174: February 11, 2009]]
|February 11, 2009
|February 11, 2009
|June 26, 2018
|[[:Category:Tea Party Investigation|Tea Party Investigation]]
|-
|[[176: June 28, 2018|176]]
|[[176: June 28, 2018]]
|June 28, 2018
|June 28, 2018
|July 2, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[178: Rowdy Roddy Piper w/ Marty DeRosa|178]]
|[[178: Rowdy Roddy Piper w/ Marty DeRosa]]
|
|
|July 9, 2018
|[[:Category:InfoWars Interview|InfoWars Interview]]
|-
|[[179: July 10, 2018|179]]
|[[179: July 10, 2018]]
|July 10, 2018
|July 10, 2018
|July 11, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[181: August 16, 2016|181]]
|[[181: August 16, 2016]]
|August 16, 2016
|August 16, 2016
|July 16, 2018
|[[:Category:Time Travel|Time Travel]]
|-
|[[182: Pay-To-Play Satan Fears|182]]
|[[182: Pay-To-Play Satan Fears]]
|
|
|July 18, 2018
|[[:Category:Wacky Wednesday|Wacky Wednesday]]
|-
|[[InfoWars Roulette 2|S006]]
|[[InfoWars Roulette 2|InfoWars Roulette #2]]
|
|
|July 20, 2018
|[[:Category:Special Edition|Special Edition]]
|-
|[[184: Godly Particles and Illiteracy|184]]
|[[184: Godly Particles and Illiteracy]]
|
|
|July 25, 2018
|[[:Category:Time Travel|Time Travel]], [[:Category:Wacky Wednesday|Wacky Wednesday]]
|-
|[[185: July 27, 2018|185]]
|[[185: July 27, 2018]]
|July 27, 2018
|July 27, 2018
|July 28, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[190: August 6, 2018|190]]
|[[190: August 6, 2018]]
|August 6, 2018
|August 6, 2018
|August 8, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[191: Blood Moons and Our First Call-In|191]]
|[[191: Blood Moons and Our First Call-In]]
|
|
|August 10, 2018
|[[:Category:Wacky Wednesday|Wacky Wednesday]]
|-
|[[192: August 10, 2018|192]]
|[[192: August 10, 2018]]
|August 10, 2018
|August 10, 2018
|August 13, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[194: February 22-24, 2009|194]]
|[[194: February 22-24, 2009]]
|February 22, 2009
|February 24, 2009
|August 17, 2018
|[[:Category:Tea Party Investigation|Tea Party Investigation]]
|-
|[[197: Jared Holt from the Sh!tpost Podcast|197]]
|[[197: Jared Holt from the Sh!tpost Podcast]]
|
|
|August 23, 2018
|[[:Category:Knowledge Fight Interview|Knowledge Fight Interview]]
|-
|[[202: September 4-6, 2018|202]]
|[[202: September 4-6, 2018]]
|September 4, 2018
|September 6, 2018
|September 7, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[203: March 2-4, 2009|203]]
|[[203: March 2-4, 2009]]
|March 2, 2009
|March 4, 2009
|September 10, 2018
|[[:Category:Tea Party Investigation|Tea Party Investigation]]
|-
|[[209: Drunk Hotel Interview|209]]
|[[209: Drunk Hotel Interview]]
|
|
|September 24, 2018
|[[:Category:Special Edition|Special Edition]]
|-
|[[213: October 2, 2018|213]]
|[[213: October 2, 2018]]
|October 2, 2018
|October 2, 2018
|October 4, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[214: Cruel Parallels|214]]
|[[214: Cruel Parallels]]
|
|
|October 10, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[218: October 17, 2018|218]]
|[[218: October 17, 2018]]
|October 17, 2018
|October 17, 2018
|October 19, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[221: October 24, 2018|221]]
|[[221: October 24, 2018]]
|October 24, 2018
|October 24, 2018
|October 26, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[222: March 15-19, 2009|222]]
|[[222: March 15-19, 2009]]
|March 15, 2009
|March 19, 2009
|October 29, 2018
|[[:Category:Tea Party Investigation|Tea Party Investigation]]
|-
|[[225: November 2, 2018|225]]
|[[225: November 2, 2018]]
|November 2, 2018
|November 2, 2018
|November 5, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[226: November 7, 2018|226]]
|[[226: November 7, 2018]]
|November 7, 2018
|November 7, 2018
|November 8, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[228: Old Alex Clips|228]]
|[[228: Old Alex Clips]]
|
|
|November 12, 2018
|[[:Category:Time Travel|Time Travel]]
|-
|[[233: November 28, 2018|233]]
|[[233: November 28, 2018]]
|November 28, 2018
|November 28, 2018
|November 30, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[236: December 4-5, 2018|236]]
|[[236: December 4-5, 2018]]
|December 4, 2018
|December 5, 2018
|December 7, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[238: Coach Dave|238]]
|[[238: Coach Dave]]
|
|
|December 12, 2018
|[[:Category:Wacky Wednesday|Wacky Wednesday]]
|-
|[[239: December 12-13, 2018|239]]
|[[239: December 12-13, 2018]]
|December 12, 2018
|December 13, 2018
|December 14, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[241: Larry Gets Coached|241]]
|[[241: Larry Gets Coached]]
|
|
|December 19, 2018
|[[:Category:Wacky Wednesday|Wacky Wednesday]]
|-
|[[242: December 18-19, 2018|242]]
|[[242: December 18-19, 2018]]
|December 18, 2018
|December 19, 2018
|December 21, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[245: December 24, 2018|245]]
|[[245: December 24, 2018]]
|December 24, 2018
|December 24, 2018
|December 28, 2018
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[248: January 2, 2019|248]]
|[[248: January 2, 2019]]
|January 2, 2019
|January 2, 2019
|January 4, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[251: January 8, 2019|251]]
|[[251: January 8, 2019]]
|January 8, 2019
|January 8, 2019
|January 11, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[252: April 7-8, 2009|252]]
|[[252: April 7-8, 2009]]
|April 7, 2009
|April 8, 2009
|January 15, 2019
|[[:Category:Tea Party Investigation|Tea Party Investigation]]
|-
|[[257: January 25, 2019|257]]
|[[257: January 25, 2019]]
|January 25, 2019
|January 25, 2019
|January 28, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[258: April 12-13, 2009|258]]
|[[258: April 12-13, 2009]]
|April 12, 2009
|April 13, 2009
|January 30, 2019
|[[:Category:Tea Party Investigation|Tea Party Investigation]]
|-
|[[259: January 27-29, 2019|259]]
|[[259: January 27-29, 2019]]
|January 27, 2019
|January 29, 2019
|February 1, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[260: Aliens Need Editors|260]]
|[[260: Aliens Need Editors]]
|
|
|February 2, 2019
|[[:Category:Project Camelot|Project Camelot]], [[:Category:Wacky Wednesday|Wacky Wednesday]]
|-
|[[261: February 5-6, 2019|261]]
|[[261: February 5-6, 2019]]
|February 5, 2019
|February 6, 2019
|February 8, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[264: February 11-13, 2019|264]]
|[[264: February 11-13, 2019]]
|February 11, 2019
|February 13, 2019
|February 15, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[266: December 14, 2012|266]]
|[[266: December 14, 2012]]
|December 14, 2012
|December 14, 2012
|February 20, 2019
|[[:Category:Sandy Hook Investigation|Sandy Hook Investigation]]
|-
|[[270: The Rogan Return|270]]
|[[270: The Rogan Return]]
|
|
|March 1, 2019
|[[:Category:Special Edition|Special Edition]]
|-
|[[273: March 5-6, 2019|273]]
|[[273: March 5-6, 2019]]
|March 5, 2019
|March 6, 2019
|March 8, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[277: March 15, 2019|277]]
|[[277: March 15, 2019]]
|March 15, 2019
|March 15, 2019
|March 18, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[280: Raptor Weddings and Sardinian Spiders|280]]
|[[280: Raptor Weddings and Sardinian Spiders]]
|
|
|April 5, 2019
|[[:Category:Project Camelot|Project Camelot]], [[:Category:Wacky Wednesday|Wacky Wednesday]]
|-
|[[281: April 4, 2019|281]]
|[[281: April 4, 2019]]
|April 4, 2019
|April 4, 2019
|April 8, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[282: April 5, 2019|282]]
|[[282: April 5, 2019]]
|April 5, 2019
|April 5, 2019
|April 10, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[287: April 15-18, 2019|287]]
|[[287: April 15-18, 2019]]
|April 15, 2019
|April 18, 2019
|April 22, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[289: January 10-13, 2013|289]]
|[[289: January 10-13, 2013]]
|January 10, 2013
|January 13, 2013
|April 26, 2019
|[[:Category:Sandy Hook Investigation|Sandy Hook Investigation]]
|-
|[[290: April 25-26, 2019|290]]
|[[290: April 25-26, 2019]]
|April 25, 2019
|April 26, 2019
|April 29, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[293: May 2-3, 2019|293]]
|[[293: May 2-3, 2019]]
|May 2, 2019
|May 3, 2019
|May 6, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[308: February 6-8, 2013|308]]
|[[308: February 6-8, 2013]]
|February 6, 2013
|February 8, 2013
|June 12, 2019
|[[:Category:Sandy Hook Investigation|Sandy Hook Investigation]]
|-
|[[309: June 10-11, 2019|309]]
|[[309: June 10-11, 2019]]
|June 10, 2019
|June 11, 2019
|June 14, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[311: June 17-19, 2019|311]]
|[[311: June 17-19, 2019]]
|June 17, 2019
|June 19, 2019
|June 21, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[319: July 7-8, 2019|319]]
|[[319: July 7-8, 2019]]
|July 8, 2019
|July 9, 2019
|July 10, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[322: July 16-17, 2019|322]]
|[[322: July 16-17, 2019]]
|July 16, 2019
|July 17, 2019
|July 19, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[327: July 31, 2019|327]]
|[[327: July 31, 2019]]
|July 31, 2019
|July 31, 2019
|August 2, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[333: August 16, 2019|333]]
|[[333: August 16, 2019]]
|August 16, 2019
|August 16, 2019
|August 21, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[339: March 29-April 1, 2013|339]]
|[[339: March 29-April 1, 2013]]
|March 29, 2013
|April 1, 2013
|September 4, 2019
|[[:Category:Sandy Hook Investigation|Sandy Hook Investigation]]
|-
|[[340: All About Steve|340]]
|[[340: All About Steve]]
|
|
|September 6, 2019
|[[:Category:Deep Dive|Deep Dive]]
|-
|[[342: September 6-11, 2019|342]]
|[[342: September 6-11, 2019]]
|September 6, 2019
|September 11, 2019
|September 13, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[345: September 19, 2019|345]]
|[[345: September 19, 2019]]
|September 19, 2019
|September 19, 2019
|September 20, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[350: September 29-30, 2019|350]]
|[[350: September 29-30, 2019]]
|September 29, 2019
|September 30, 2019
|October 2, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[360: October 23, 2019|360]]
|[[360: October 23, 2019]]
|October 23, 2019
|October 23, 2019
|October 25, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[366: November 5-6, 2019|366]]
|[[366: November 5-6, 2019]]
|November 5, 2019
|November 6, 2019
|November 8, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[368: November 11-12, 2019|368]]
|[[368: November 11-12, 2019]]
|November 11, 2019
|November 12, 2019
|November 13, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[369: November 13, 2019|369]]
|[[369: November 13, 2019]]
|November 13, 2019
|November 13, 2019
|November 15, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[370: November 14-15, 2019|370]]
|[[370: November 14-15, 2019]]
|November 14, 2019
|November 15, 2019
|November 18, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[372: November 20-21, 2019|372]]
|[[372: November 20-21, 2019]]
|November 20, 2019
|November 21, 2019
|November 22, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[376: December 3-5, 2019|376]]
|[[376: December 3-5, 2019]]
|December 3, 2019
|December 5, 2019
|December 10, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[377: December 6-10, 2019|377]]
|[[377: December 6-10, 2019]]
|December 6, 2019
|December 10, 2019
|December 12, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[380: December 19-20, 2019|380]]
|[[380: December 19-20, 2019]]
|December 19, 2019
|December 20, 2019
|December 23, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[382: December 23-27, 2019|382]]
|[[382: December 23-27, 2019]]
|December 23, 2019
|December 27, 2019
|December 30, 2019
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[385: January 6, 2020|385]]
|[[385: January 6, 2020]]
|January 6, 2020
|January 6, 2020
|January 8, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[386: January 8, 2020|386]]
|[[386: January 8, 2020]]
|January 8, 2020
|January 8, 2020
|January 10, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[389: January 15-17, 2020|389]]
|[[389: January 15-17, 2020]]
|January 15, 2020
|January 17, 2020
|January 20, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[394: January 31, 2020|394]]
|[[394: January 31, 2020]]
|January 31, 2020
|January 31, 2020
|February 3, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[396: February 6, 2020|396]]
|[[396: February 6, 2020]]
|February 6, 2020
|February 6, 2020
|February 7, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[397: February 7-8, 2020|397]]
|[[397: February 7-8, 2020]]
|February 7, 2020
|February 8, 2020
|February 10, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[398: February 9-10, 2020|398]]
|[[398: February 9-10, 2020]]
|February 9, 2020
|February 10, 2020
|February 12, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[399: February 12-14, 2020|399]]
|[[399: February 12-14, 2020]]
|February 12, 2020
|February 14, 2020
|February 17, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[401: Formulaic Objections Part 3|401]]
|[[401: Formulaic Objections Part 3]]
|
|
|February 21, 2020
|[[:Category:Formulaic Objections|Formulaic Objections]]
|-
|[[402: February 20, 2020|402]]
|[[402: February 20, 2020]]
|February 20, 2020
|February 20, 2020
|February 24, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[403: February 24, 2020|403]]
|[[403: February 24, 2020]]
|February 24, 2020
|February 24, 2020
|February 26, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[404: Mr. Jones Goes To CPAC|404]]
|[[404: Mr. Jones Goes To CPAC]]
|
|
|March 2, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[405: Root Races and Terminated Spiders|405]]
|[[405: Root Races and Terminated Spiders]]
|
|
|March 6, 2020
|[[:Category:Project Camelot|Project Camelot]], [[:Category:Wacky Wednesday|Wacky Wednesday]]
|-
|[[406: March 1-4, 2020|406]]
|[[406: March 1-4, 2020]]
|March 1, 2020
|March 4, 2020
|March 9, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[408: March 11-13, 2020|408]]
|[[408: March 11-13, 2020]]
|March 11, 2020
|March 13, 2020
|March 16, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[411: Jordan Takes The Wheel 3|411]]
|[[411: Jordan Takes The Wheel 3]]
|
|
|March 25, 2020
|[[:Category:Jordan Takes the Wheel|Jordan Takes the Wheel]]
|-
|[[413: March 27, 2020|413]]
|[[413: March 27, 2020]]
|March 27, 2020
|March 27, 2020
|March 30, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[415: April 1, 2020|415]]
|[[415: April 1, 2020]]
|April 1, 2020
|April 1, 2020
|April 3, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[416: April 2, 2020|416]]
|[[416: April 2, 2020]]
|April 2, 2020
|April 2, 2020
|April 6, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[418: April 8, 2020|418]]
|[[418: April 8, 2020]]
|April 8, 2020
|April 8, 2020
|April 10, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[421: April 16, 2020|421]]
|[[421: April 16, 2020]]
|April 16, 2020
|April 16, 2020
|April 17, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[424: April 21-22, 2020|424]]
|[[424: April 21-22, 2020]]
|April 21, 2020
|April 22, 2020
|April 24, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[425: April 23-24, 2020|425]]
|[[425: April 23-24, 2020]]
|April 23, 2020
|April 24, 2020
|April 27, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[426: April 27-28, 2020|426]]
|[[426: April 27-28, 2020]]
|April 27, 2020
|April 28, 2020
|April 29, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[429: May 3-4, 2020|429]]
|[[429: May 3-4, 2020]]
|May 3, 2020
|May 4, 2020
|May 6, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[430: May 5-7, 2020|430]]
|[[430: May 5-7, 2020]]
|May 5, 2020
|May 7, 2020
|May 8, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[435: May 18-21, 2020|435]]
|[[435: May 18-21, 2020]]
|May 18, 2020
|May 21, 2020
|May 22, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[436: May 22, 2020|436]]
|[[436: May 22, 2020]]
|May 22, 2020
|May 22, 2020
|May 25, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[439: May 29-31, 2020|439]]
|[[439: May 29-31, 2020]]
|May 29, 2020
|May 31, 2020
|June 1, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[441: June 3-4, 2020|441]]
|[[441: June 3-4, 2020]]
|June 3, 2020
|June 4, 2020
|June 5, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[443: June 9, 2020|443]]
|[[443: June 9, 2020]]
|June 9, 2020
|June 9, 2020
|June 10, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[445: June 12, 2020|445]]
|[[445: June 12, 2020]]
|June 12, 2020
|June 12, 2020
|June 15, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[448: June 21-22, 2020|448]]
|[[448: June 21-22, 2020]]
|June 21, 2020
|June 22, 2020
|June 24, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[450: June 25-26, 2020|450]]
|[[450: June 25-26, 2020]]
|June 25, 2020
|June 26, 2020
|June 29, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[451: June 29-30, 2020|451]]
|[[451: June 29-30, 2020]]
|June 29, 2020
|June 30, 2020
|July 1, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[452: Jordan Takes The Wheel 4|452]]
|[[452: Jordan Takes The Wheel 4]]
|July 1, 2020
|July 1, 2020
|July 3, 2020
|[[:Category:Jordan Takes the Wheel|Jordan Takes the Wheel]]
|-
|[[453: July 2, 2020|453]]
|[[453: July 2, 2020]]
|July 2, 2020
|July 2, 2020
|July 6, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[454: December 17, 2013|454]]
|[[454: December 17, 2013]]
|December 17, 2013
|December 17, 2013
|July 8, 2020
|[[:Category:Time Travel|Time Travel]]
|-
|[[455: July 7-8, 2020|455]]
|[[455: July 7-8, 2020]]
|July 7, 2020
|July 8, 2020
|July 10, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[456: July 9-11, 2020|456]]
|[[456: July 9-11, 2020]]
|July 9, 2020
|July 11, 2020
|July 13, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[457: July 12-13, 2020|457]]
|[[457: July 12-13, 2020]]
|July 12, 2020
|July 13, 2020
|July 15, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[458: July 14, 2020|458]]
|[[458: July 14, 2020]]
|July 14, 2020
|July 14, 2020
|July 17, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[459: July 17, 2020|459]]
|[[459: July 17, 2020]]
|July 17, 2020
|July 17, 2020
|July 22, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[460: Donk's Dojo|460]]
|[[460: Donk's Dojo]]
|
|
|July 24, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]], [[:Category:Wacky Wednesday|Wacky Wednesday]]
|-
|[[462: July 26, 2020|462]]
|[[462: July 26, 2020]]
|July 26, 2020
|July 26, 2020
|July 29, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[463: July 28-30, 2020|463]]
|[[463: July 28-30, 2020]]
|July 28, 2020
|July 30, 2020
|July 31, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[464: July 31-August 1, 2020|464]]
|[[464: July 31-August 1, 2020]]
|July 31, 2020
|August 1, 2020
|August 3, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[466: August 5-6, 2020|466]]
|[[466: August 5-6, 2020]]
|August 5, 2020
|August 6, 2020
|August 7, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[467: August 7-9, 2020|467]]
|[[467: August 7-9, 2020]]
|August 7, 2020
|August 9, 2020
|August 10, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[468: August 11, 2020|468]]
|[[468: August 11, 2020]]
|August 11, 2020
|August 11, 2020
|August 12, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[470: ShadowGate|470]]
|[[470: ShadowGate]]
|
|
|August 17, 2020
|[[:Category:Documentary|Documentary]]
|-
|[[471: August 14-16, 2020|471]]
|[[471: August 14-16, 2020]]
|August 14, 2020
|August 16, 2020
|August 19, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[472: August 17-19, 2020|472]]
|[[472: August 17-19, 2020]]
|August 17, 2020
|August 19, 2020
|August 21, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[473: August 20-21, 2020|473]]
|[[473: August 20-21, 2020]]
|August 20, 2020
|August 21, 2020
|August 24, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[474: June 6, 2016|474]]
|[[474: June 6, 2016]]
|June 6, 2016
|June 6, 2016
|August 26, 2020
|[[:Category:Time Travel|Time Travel]]
|-
|[[476: Moon Colonies Part 2|476]]
|[[476: Moon Colonies Part 2]]
|
|
|September 2, 2020
|[[:Category:Project Camelot|Project Camelot]], [[:Category:Wacky Wednesday|Wacky Wednesday]]
|-
|[[477: September 3, 2020|477]]
|[[477: September 3, 2020]]
|September 3, 2020
|September 3, 2020
|September 4, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[480: September 9-10, 2020|480]]
|[[480: September 9-10, 2020]]
|September 9, 2020
|September 10, 2020
|September 11, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[481: September 13, 2012|481]]
|[[481: September 13, 2012]]
|September 13, 2012
|September 13, 2012
|September 14, 2020
|[[:Category:Time Travel|Time Travel]]
|-
|[[483: September 17, 2020|483]]
|[[483: September 17, 2020]]
|September 17, 2020
|September 17, 2020
|September 18, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[486: September 27, 2020|486]]
|[[486: September 27, 2020]]
|September 27, 2020
|September 27, 2020
|September 28, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[489: October 2-4, 2020|489]]
|[[489: October 2-4, 2020]]
|October 2, 2020
|October 4, 2020
|October 5, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[494: October 19, 2020|494]]
|[[494: October 19, 2020]]
|October 19, 2020
|October 19, 2020
|October 21, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[495: November 4-6, 2016|495]]
|[[495: November 4-6, 2016]]
|November 4, 2016
|November 6, 2016
|October 26, 2020
|[[:Category:2016 Investigation|2016 Investigation]]
|-
|[[496: October 22-23, 2020|496]]
|[[496: October 22-23, 2020]]
|October 22, 2020
|October 23, 2020
|October 28, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[497: Third Try's A Charm|497]]
|[[497: Third Try's A Charm]]
|October 27, 2020
|October 27, 2020
|October 30, 2020
|[[:Category:Special Edition|Special Edition]]
|-
|[[498: November 7, 2016|498]]
|[[498: November 7, 2016]]
|November 7, 2016
|November 7, 2016
|November 2, 2020
|[[:Category:2016 Investigation|2016 Investigation]]
|-
|[[500: November 5-6, 2020|500]]
|[[500: November 5-6, 2020]]
|November 5, 2020
|November 6, 2020
|November 9, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[501: November 7-8, 2020|501]]
|[[501: November 7-8, 2020]]
|November 7, 2020
|November 8, 2020
|November 11, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[502: Dan's Cara-Vanity Project Part 1|502]]
|[[502: Dan's Cara-Vanity Project Part 1]]
|November 9, 2020
|November 11, 2020
|November 13, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[503: Dan's Cara-Vanity Project Part 2|503]]
|[[503: Dan's Cara-Vanity Project Part 2]]
|November 1, 2020
|November 13, 2020
|November 16, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[504: November 16-17, 2020|504]]
|[[504: November 16-17, 2020]]
|November 16, 2020
|November 17, 2020
|November 20, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[505: November 18, 2020|505]]
|[[505: November 18, 2020]]
|November 18, 2020
|November 18, 2020
|November 23, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[506: November 22-24, 2020|506]]
|[[506: November 22-24, 2020]]
|November 22, 2020
|November 24, 2020
|November 26, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[508: December 1-2, 2020|508]]
|[[508: December 1-2, 2020]]
|December 1, 2020
|December 2, 2020
|December 4, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[512: December 16-17, 2020|512]]
|[[512: December 16-17, 2020]]
|December 16, 2020
|December 17, 2020
|December 18, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[513: December 18, 2020|513]]
|[[513: December 18, 2020]]
|December 18, 2020
|December 18, 2020
|December 21, 2020
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[515: December 28-29, 2020|515]]
|[[515: December 28-29, 2020]]
|December 28, 2020
|December 29, 2020
|January 1, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[516: December 31, 2020- January 1, 2021|516]]
|[[516: December 31, 2020- January 1, 2021]]
|December 30, 2020
|January 1, 2021
|January 4, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[517: January 5-6, 2021|517]]
|[[517: January 5-6, 2021]]
|January 5, 2021
|January 6, 2021
|January 8, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[518: January 7-8, 2021|518]]
|[[518: January 7-8, 2021]]
|January 7, 2021
|January 8, 2021
|January 11, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[519: January 10-11, 2021|519]]
|[[519: January 10-11, 2021]]
|January 10, 2021
|January 11, 2021
|January 13, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[522: January 14-17, 2021|522]]
|[[522: January 14-17, 2021]]
|January 14, 2021
|January 17, 2021
|January 20, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[524: Inauguration 2021|524]]
|[[524: Inauguration 2021]]
|January 20, 2021
|January 20, 2021
|January 25, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[526: January 28-31, 2021|526]]
|[[526: January 28-31, 2021]]
|January 28, 2021
|January 31, 2021
|February 1, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[528: 2021 Super Bowl Commercial Spectacular|528]]
|[[528: 2021 Super Bowl Commercial Spectacular]]
|February 7, 2021
|February 7, 2021
|February 8, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]], [[:Category:Special Edition|Special Edition]]
|-
|[[529: February 8, 2021|529]]
|[[529: February 8, 2021]]
|February 8, 2021
|February 8, 2021
|February 10, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[533: February 17, 2021|533]]
|[[533: February 17, 2021]]
|February 17, 2021
|February 17, 2021
|February 19, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[534: February 19, 2021|534]]
|[[534: February 19, 2021]]
|February 19, 2021
|February 19, 2021
|February 22, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[535: October 16, 2014|535]]
|[[535: October 16, 2014]]
|October 16, 2014
|October 16, 2014
|February 26, 2021
|[[:Category:Time Travel|Time Travel]]
|-
|[[538: March 2, 2021|538]]
|[[538: March 2, 2021]]
|March 2, 2021
|March 2, 2021
|March 8, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[540: March 15-16, 2021|540]]
|[[540: March 15-16, 2021]]
|March 15, 2021
|March 16, 2021
|March 17, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[543: March 23-24, 2021|543]]
|[[543: March 23-24, 2021]]
|March 23, 2021
|March 24, 2021
|March 26, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[545: March 30-31, 2021|545]]
|[[545: March 30-31, 2021]]
|March 30, 2021
|March 31, 2021
|April 2, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[546: April 1-3, 2021|546]]
|[[546: April 1-3, 2021]]
|April 1, 2021
|April 3, 2021
|April 5, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[549: April 13-14, 2021|549]]
|[[549: April 13-14, 2021]]
|April 13, 2021
|April 14, 2021
|April 16, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[551: April 20-21, 2021|551]]
|[[551: April 20-21, 2021]]
|April 20, 2021
|April 21, 2021
|April 23, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[554: April 30, 2021|554]]
|[[554: April 30, 2021]]
|April 30, 2021
|April 30, 2021
|May 3, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[557: May 11, 2021|557]]
|[[557: May 11, 2021]]
|May 11, 2021
|May 11, 2021
|May 14, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[558: May 8-9, 2003|558]]
|[[558: May 8-9, 2003]]
|May 8, 2003
|May 9, 2003
|May 17, 2021
|[[:Category:2003 Investigation|2003 Investigation]]
|-
|[[559: Noam Man's Land|559]]
|[[559: Noam Man's Land]]
|
|
|May 21, 2021
|[[:Category:InfoWars Interview|InfoWars Interview]]
|-
|[[563: June 2, 2021|563]]
|[[563: June 2, 2021]]
|June 2, 2021
|June 2, 2021
|June 7, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[565: June 10, 2021|565]]
|[[565: June 10, 2021]]
|June 10, 2021
|June 10, 2021
|June 14, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[570: June 24, 2021|570]]
|[[570: June 24, 2021]]
|June 24, 2021
|June 24, 2021
|June 28, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[572: June 28-30, 2021|572]]
|[[572: June 28-30, 2021]]
|June 28, 2021
|June 30, 2021
|July 2, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[573: July 1, 2021|573]]
|[[573: July 1, 2021]]
|July 1, 2021
|July 1, 2021
|July 5, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[Repost: Episode 25|S011]]
|[[Repost: Episode 25|Repost: Episode #25]]
|March 20, 2017
|March 24, 2017
|August 13, 2021
|[[:Category:Deep Dive|Deep Dive]], [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[589: August 18-20, 2021|589]]
|[[589: August 18-20, 2021]]
|August 18, 2021
|August 20, 2021
|August 23, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[594: September 7, 2021|594]]
|[[594: September 7, 2021]]
|September 7, 2021
|September 7, 2021
|September 9, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[595: Boulder Missiles and Gettysburg Nukes|595]]
|[[595: Boulder Missiles and Gettysburg Nukes]]
|
|
|September 13, 2021
|[[:Category:Project Camelot|Project Camelot]], [[:Category:Wacky Wednesday|Wacky Wednesday]]
|-
|[[602: Sandy Hook Response|602]]
|[[602: Sandy Hook Response]]
|
|
|October 4, 2021
|[[:Category:Formulaic Objections|Formulaic Objections]]
|-
|[[612: October 31, 2021|612]]
|[[612: October 31, 2021]]
|October 31, 2021
|October 31, 2021
|November 3, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[614: The Purge of Gates|614]]
|[[614: The Purge of Gates]]
|
|
|November 8, 2021
|[[:Category:Documentary|Documentary]]
|-
|[[615: November 8, 2021?|615]]
|[[615: November 8, 2021?]]
|November 8, 2021
|November 8, 2021
|November 10, 2021
|[[:Category:Knowledge Fight Interview|Knowledge Fight Interview]]
|-
|[[620: November 23, 2021|620]]
|[[620: November 23, 2021]]
|November 23, 2021
|November 23, 2021
|November 26, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[625: December 5, 2021|625]]
|[[625: December 5, 2021]]
|December 5, 2021
|December 5, 2021
|December 10, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[629: Black Goo and Space Covid|629]]
|[[629: Black Goo and Space Covid]]
|
|
|December 20, 2021
|[[:Category:Project Camelot|Project Camelot]], [[:Category:Wacky Wednesday|Wacky Wednesday]]
|-
|[[631: December 20, 2021|631]]
|[[631: December 20, 2021]]
|December 20, 2021
|December 20, 2021
|December 30, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[632: Christmas Message and More|632]]
|[[632: Christmas Message and More]]
|December 25, 2021
|December 29, 2021
|December 31, 2021
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[633: December 30, 2021|633]]
|[[633: December 30, 2021]]
|December 30, 2021
|December 30, 2021
|January 3, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[637: January 13, 2022|637]]
|[[637: January 13, 2022]]
|January 13, 2022
|January 13, 2022
|January 17, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[638: See You At The Cross-Rhodes|638]]
|[[638: See You At The Cross-Rhodes]]
|July 2, 2021
|July 2, 2021
|January 19, 2022
|[[:Category:InfoWars Interview|InfoWars Interview]], [[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[639: January 17, 2022|639]]
|[[639: January 17, 2022]]
|January 17, 2022
|January 17, 2022
|January 21, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[643: January 28, 2022|643]]
|[[643: January 28, 2022]]
|January 28, 2022
|January 28, 2022
|January 31, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[646: February 6, 2022|646]]
|[[646: February 6, 2022]]
|February 6, 2022
|February 6, 2022
|February 9, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[647: February 8, 2022|647]]
|[[647: February 8, 2022]]
|February 8, 2022
|February 8, 2022
|February 11, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[649: February 14, 2022|649]]
|[[649: February 14, 2022]]
|February 14, 2022
|February 14, 2022
|February 16, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[650: July 17, 2003|650]]
|[[650: July 17, 2003]]
|July 17, 2003
|July 17, 2003
|February 18, 2022
|[[:Category:2003 Investigation|2003 Investigation]]
|-
|[[652: February 21-24, 2022|652]]
|[[652: February 21-24, 2022]]
|February 21, 2022
|February 24, 2022
|February 25, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[657: Chatting With Elizabeth Williamson|657]]
|[[657: Chatting With Elizabeth Williamson]]
|
|
|March 8, 2022
|[[:Category:Knowledge Fight Interview|Knowledge Fight Interview]]
|-
|[[658: It's Pretty Easy Being Greene|658]]
|[[658: It's Pretty Easy Being Greene]]
|
|
|March 11, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[666: March 31, 2022|666]]
|[[666: March 31, 2022]]
|March 31, 2022
|March 31, 2022
|April 4, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[667: July 25, 2003|667]]
|[[667: July 25, 2003]]
|July 25, 2003
|July 25, 2003
|April 8, 2022
|[[:Category:2003 Investigation|2003 Investigation]]
|-
|[[669: Chatting With Amanda Moore|669]]
|[[669: Chatting With Amanda Moore]]
|
|
|April 13, 2022
|[[:Category:Knowledge Fight Interview|Knowledge Fight Interview]]
|-
|[[671: April 13, 2022|671]]
|[[671: April 13, 2022]]
|April 13, 2022
|April 13, 2022
|April 18, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[672: April 18, 2022|672]]
|[[672: April 18, 2022]]
|April 18, 2022
|April 18, 2022
|April 20, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[674: April 22, 2022|674]]
|[[674: April 22, 2022]]
|April 22, 2022
|April 22, 2022
|April 25, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[675: April 25, 2022|675]]
|[[675: April 25, 2022]]
|April 25, 2022
|April 25, 2022
|April 27, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[676: April 29, 2022|676]]
|[[676: April 29, 2022]]
|April 29, 2022
|April 29, 2022
|May 2, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[679: May 9, 2022|679]]
|[[679: May 9, 2022]]
|May 9, 2022
|May 9, 2022
|May 11, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[680: July 31-August 1, 2003|680]]
|[[680: July 31-August 1, 2003]]
|July 31, 2003
|August 1, 2003
|May 13, 2022
|[[:Category:2003 Investigation|2003 Investigation]]
|-
|[[684: May 20, 2022|684]]
|[[684: May 20, 2022]]
|May 20, 2022
|May 20, 2022
|May 23, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[687: May 24, 2022|687]]
|[[687: May 24, 2022]]
|May 24, 2022
|May 24, 2022
|May 30, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[690: May 27, 2022|690]]
|[[690: May 27, 2022]]
|May 27, 2022
|May 27, 2022
|June 10, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[694: The Case of the Missing Propagandist|694]]
|[[694: The Case of the Missing Propagandist]]
|
|
|June 22, 2022
|[[:Category:Time Travel|Time Travel]], [[:Category:2003 Investigation|2003 Investigation]]
|-
|[[695: June 22, 2022|695]]
|[[695: June 22, 2022]]
|June 22, 2022
|June 22, 2022
|June 24, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[697: June 29, 2022|697]]
|[[697: June 29, 2022]]
|June 29, 2022
|June 29, 2022
|July 1, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[698: For Squatch, There Are No Heroes|698]]
|[[698: For Squatch, There Are No Heroes]]
|
|
|July 4, 2022
|[[:Category:Project Camelot|Project Camelot]], [[:Category:Wacky Wednesday|Wacky Wednesday]]
|-
|[[700: July 6, 2022|700]]
|[[700: July 6, 2022]]
|July 6, 2022
|July 6, 2022
|July 8, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[702: July 11-12, 2022|702]]
|[[702: July 11-12, 2022]]
|July 11, 2022
|July 12, 2022
|July 15, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[705: The Knowledge Fight Battle Kitchen|705]]
|[[705: The Knowledge Fight Battle Kitchen]]
|
|
|July 24, 2022
|[[:Category:Wacky Wednesday|Wacky Wednesday]]
|-
|[[708: The Cuck-Destroyer Destroys The Stage|708]]
|[[708: The Cuck-Destroyer Destroys The Stage]]
|
|
|July 30, 2022
|
|-
|[[712: The Decompression Session|712]]
|[[712: The Decompression Session]]
|
|
|August 8, 2022
|[[:Category:Formulaic Objections|Formulaic Objections]], [[:Category:Knowledge Fight Interview|Knowledge Fight Interview]]
|-
|[[715: Trial Recap, Part 2|715]]
|[[715: Trial Recap, Part 2]]
|
|
|August 12, 2022
|[[:Category:Formulaic Objections|Formulaic Objections]]
|-
|[[717: August 17, 2022|717]]
|[[717: August 17, 2022]]
|August 17, 2022
|August 17, 2022
|August 24, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[725: September 13-14, 2022|725]]
|[[725: September 13-14, 2022]]
|September 13, 2022
|September 14, 2022
|September 16, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[727: Chatting with Sebastian Murdock|727]]
|[[727: Chatting with Sebastian Murdock]]
|
|
|September 21, 2022
|[[:Category:Knowledge Fight Interview|Knowledge Fight Interview]]
|-
|[[741: December 2, 2015|741]]
|[[741: December 2, 2015]]
|December 2, 2015
|December 2, 2015
|October 28, 2022
|[[:Category:Time Travel|Time Travel]]
|-
|[[743: October 29-30, 2022|743]]
|[[743: October 29-30, 2022]]
|October 29, 2022
|October 30, 2022
|November 4, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[744: November 3, 2022|744]]
|[[744: November 3, 2022]]
|November 3, 2022
|November 3, 2022
|November 7, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[745: Formulaic Objections Part 10|745]]
|[[745: Formulaic Objections Part 10]]
|
|
|November 9, 2022
|[[:Category:Formulaic Objections|Formulaic Objections]]
|-
|[[746: The Infowars All-Star Midterm Coverage Spectacular|746]]
|[[746: The Infowars All-Star Midterm Coverage Spectacular]]
|
|
|November 11, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[747: November 11, 2022|747]]
|[[747: November 11, 2022]]
|November 11, 2022
|November 11, 2022
|November 14, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[748: November 16, 2022|748]]
|[[748: November 16, 2022]]
|November 16, 2022
|November 16, 2022
|November 18, 2022
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[767: January 12, 2023|767]]
|[[767: January 12, 2023]]
|January 12, 2023
|January 12, 2023
|January 16, 2023
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[776: February 11, 2023|776]]
|[[776: February 11, 2023]]
|February 11, 2023
|February 11, 2023
|February 13, 2023
|[[:Category:Present Day|Present Day]]
|-
|[[779: January 9-12, 2004|779]]
|[[779: January 9-12, 2004]]
|January 9, 2004
|January 12, 2004
|February 22, 2023
|[[:Category:2003 Investigation|2003 Investigation]]
|}

[[Category:People]]
[[Category:InfoWars]]
