{{Stub}}

'''<nowiki/>'Major' Solomon Berg''' is a [[Project Camelot]] Guest (and Knowledge Fight Listener) who seems to be trying to trick [[Kerry Cassidy]] and her audience into adopting a less bigoted worldview. This is definitely not his real name.

Berg first appears on Project Camelot in [[698: For Squatch, There Are No Heroes|Episode 698]] where he spun a yarn about escorting a Sasquatch Alien out of the US in a sort of Free-Willy escape story. During that appearance, he dropped a number of hints that he was a Knowledge fight listener, including referencing an assistant named "Major Daniel Jordan", and using a shibboleth previously placed by Dan and Jordan for if [[Mark Richards]] was a listener. Despite these references, Dan was unsure if Berg was a listener at the time of taping.

Berg made another appearance (covered in [[722: Space Capitalism Is Still Capitalism|Episode 722]]) where he tried to broaden his mythology and discuss the history of Mars. In this Episode, Dan stated that it was now clear to him that Berg was in fact a listener. He decided to continue to cover his appearances because he believes that Berg's project is not a mean-spirited prank and because Knowledge Fight is already "in too deep" after loving Squatch so much.

==Relevant Episodes by Release Date==
{| class="fandom-table"
!No.
!Title
!Coverage
start date
!Coverage
end date
!Air date
!Episode type
|-
|[[698: For Squatch, There Are No Heroes|698]]
|[[698: For Squatch, There Are No Heroes]]
|
|
|July 4, 2022
|[[:Category:Project Camelot|Project Camelot]], [[:Category:Wacky Wednesday|Wacky Wednesday]]
|-
|[[722: Space Capitalism Is Still Capitalism|722]]
|[[722: Space Capitalism Is Still Capitalism]]
|
|
|September 7, 2022
|[[:Category:Project Camelot|Project Camelot]], [[:Category:Wacky Wednesday|Wacky Wednesday]]
|}

[[Category:People]]
