'''Steve Pieczenik''' (sometimes called Stevie P by wonks) is one of [[Alex Jones]]' most interesting guests. A former consultant at the State Department, and psychiatrist by training and trade, Pieczenik is either the most genius man ever to have contracted a near-terminal case of brain-rot, or one of the most subtle and prolific con-men of the 20th century.

Pieczenik claims to have multiple dubious degrees (among several that are definitely real), and rank of O6 the US Military. He claims to have part of negotiating the Camp David Accords (which is dubious, but possibly true in some capacity), and was definitely part of the botched hostage negotiation for Italian Prime Minister Aldo Moro (which ended with Moro's death).

While Pieczenik claims a variety of implausible credentials, some are very real and frankly impressive. This has made him nearly indispensable to Alex both a source and as a seemingly credible former government official who has embraced wildly lurid conspiracy theories. For a deep dive on Steve, check out Episode [[340: All About Steve]].

Steve inflames and enables Alex's wildest conspiracies. He was an early proponent of the [[The Sandy Hook Elementary Massacre|Sandy Hook]] Denial-ism Alex rapidly embraced after the shooting. He's also claimed that other shootings, including the Las Vegas shooting, didn't happen.

Steve has claimed that the Pope has died and was replaced with an impostor. He claimed that Melania Trump was the true (and rightful) power behind the throne. He seems to really like Melania Trump.

In January of 2020, Steve claimed to the the first US Citizen to catch Covid-19. He also claimed to have cured himself with antibiotics (Covid is a viral disease).

In the post 2020 election climate of "Stop the Steal" grifting, Steve took it one step further with wild and obviously false claims like:

*North Korean boats filled with Biden ballots were landing in Maine (No word on if they used the Panama Canal).
*All ballots in the US were ensured with "Quantum Blockchain" technology, which tracked everything that ever happened to them. [[Trump]] would use this to reveal election fraud.

It's unclear what Steve's motives are when he comes on Alex's show. It's most likely that Steve has truly lost his mind, but it's hard to rule out the possibility that he is messing with Alex for fun or more nefarious purposes. Steve has a long history of cultivating relationships with individual reporters and using them to get his message out. Part of why it's so hard to verify or refute claims about Steve's credentials is because he has convinced credible reporters in the past to trust him and repeat his claims about his education. It is possible that Steve sees Alex as a usable conduit to his audience for some purpose, though for what end would be unclear.

[[Category:Alex Jones Show guests]]
[[Category:People]]
